 getting poder these I нев crises Schumannk 이것도 Twenty Keb추 and Okay, so welcome everyone. So we are here for the kickoff meeting of the process of designing a new remote control. So I will first start with warm welcome, opening stuff. Then we will see what will be our product and what will be the different step we will have to design it. And then we will discuss if we have few ideas and we will end by dispatching the different tasks you will have to fulfill to complete this process. So it has to one thing, except 25 minutes but I have something else to do. So I have another meeting soon so maybe you could hire a bit. It's true. I have another meeting. So if you could you have another meeting soon. Yeah. So I have to be quick. Yeah, for the lawnmower product. Okay. Okay. So the goal is to have a remote control. So to have an advantage over our competitors we have to be original. We have to be trendy and we have to also try to be user friendly. So the design step will be divided in three main points. First it will be the functional design. Third is the conceptual design and then is the design design. So the functional design is to identify the main user needs, the technical function, the remote control should fulfill. And then we will move to conceptual design where we will specify the different component involved what kind of user interface we want and what are the different trend in user interface and stuff like that. And then the detailed design will consist in specifically implementing and detailing the choice we've made in the second point. So I will now ask you which is very important for the design of a new remote control for each of us to draw your favorite animal on the white wall. What an original idea. Do you have any idea of which animal you want to show us without a good time? Okay. Let's go. No, no, you should have to say anything. If you want to react about this wonderful drawing, I let you comment. It's an abstract drawing of an architect. Okay, it's an abstract drawing. I think it's nice and original. Let me show you the name. I don't know the name. It's very important. You want to draw something? Okay, sorry. You have to imagine a little bit. Of course your animal is recorded, so it's not lost. So we too. What is this thing? Is it a monster? Do you know? It's a cat. I think it's not a ghost. It's like that. Oh yeah, it's pretty. It's my cat. Okay, it's your cat. There's another name. The name is Caramel. Caramel. Okay. What do you want to do? I think I'm too short for pecanos. Okay, I go. Next time you'll do something, okay? Sure. Next time I come. I'm a bit short in the game. Okay, so what could they draw? Maybe I can draw like a very simplified code. I don't know if it looks like a code. It looks like a bong. I like you. Okay. Quite squaring. It's good. Oh, it's here. I don't know, it looks more like a don't feel like that. I would say. I hope that it helps you in the process of designing a run-on code. For putting a logo. No. Okay. Let's move on. So you are the financial objective of a project. It is to say to have a prediction cost lower than 12.5 euros. And I have a selling price of twice that price in order to target a profit of 50 million euros. Is there a market for a new remote control? Yeah, if it's trendy, original, and fulfilled, the user is singing device remote control or is it a multi-defice remote control? We have to discuss that part on the finder tool. Yeah. We can suggest points like this. So we have to decide, for example, if you can control one device or multiple. So what are your ideas about that? Maybe I can have the opinion of the marketing side. If we bundled the remote control with something that we said, then it could be a single device, otherwise it could be a programmable one. Otherwise, it would be a remote control for much. Okay. So if it's sold by its own, it would rather be for multiple devices. Yeah. Do you agree? Mm-hmm. Yeah. So maybe it should be for multiple devices. And do you have any ideas of design ideas or any technical requirement? Maybe we should fulfill. I think we shouldn't have too many for my part. I think I'm not fighting it for any requirements right now. If you don't have so many buttons. Maybe nice. A few buttons. Okay. And do you have it also to be lighted, in order to be used in the dark? Might be a good idea. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And do you have any idea of the trend in the domain, what it should look like, or things like that? Something which is not squarely, maybe, with a box. Okay. Like, okay. Something that at least fits in your hand. Okay. Yeah. The basic requirement. It fits in your hand. Yeah. And your back. And also it may be important for the remote control to be to resist to various shocks that can happen. What if it falls? What a proof as well. Maybe it is a original, because you can use it in your bath. Whereas the others count. Maybe what a proof would be very original. Sorry. I think a what a proof remote control so that the people can use it in their bath. That could be similar. So, but if you don't have a remote control, you can discover it with some plastic. And you can't. Yeah. But it is still something you have to buy. And that is a. And that's all the shock. I mean, there are people that have their remote control and they're worried that it's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it. Yeah. The people that are worried they actually do it themselves. But maybe we can bulk it with already this plastic thing and the water proof is not working that case. Yeah. Maybe we can sell all that together. So plastic protection and the water proof box as well. That might be good track to follow like an option, I think. Optional or sell? I think we should have something. Most of the time I lose my remote control. We should have a special button on the TV. Maybe we can make the remote control. But we don't design the TV. Maybe we can have something you whistle and the remote control beeps. Yeah, so we can have a whistle remote control. Yeah. We saw. I don't know. We saw a label. We were. We saw tracking. We saw tracking. Yeah. We saw tracking remote control. That's a good idea. That's very original and that's. And that's quite cool. But of course, you don't normally need any audio or. So, according staff on your remote control, right? Yeah, they have to go to the cost. Yeah, but still we have to. We have to have an advantage of our competitors. I think this is a good advantage. It's cool. I think I like that there. But I'm not sure about what you. Yeah. We have to ask the cost of that's designed to the industrial designer. Which is you. Okay, so try to find that for the expedient. Okay. Okay, so next meeting is in 30 minutes of the opening. So I will ask the industrial designer to find out more about this industrial design. So when you're working, any working function we have discussed. So then I will ask the user interface designer to think about the point we discussed, like the number of buttons, the, the fight that is lighted or not, things like that. And what would be convenient for the user. And also, we ask the market expert to try to find out what are the absolute requirements. It's absolutely needed in remote control for the user. So, and then I will just ask you to think about that and look at your mail because you will receive some good advice soon. So, thank you. I think that's good. All for this point. Thank you. So, welcome back in five minutes. Have a look. In your way, you will receive some messages. Yes, yes. You are good. You eat? I don't like it. I'm not the only one. Does it move? Oh, I see. Okay. But I don't know if it's still correctly... What? I really see. What is it? It's light. It's a little more. No, it's not that light.