 Okay. Okay. Welcome to our detailed design meeting. I'm pretty excited. Let's start. It's approximately 1540 or something like that. Okay. The agenda, we're going to do an opening and then I'll talk about the minutes from the last meeting what we did just fast. Then we'll have the prototype presentation and look at the evaluation criteria. We'll look at the finances and finally do a production evaluation and close. So starting off with the last one, I don't have it here, but we talked about energy. We're going to use a kinetic battery. We want to use a simple chip because we're not going to need a shovel. We're going to need a scroll. We're choosing a latex case in fruity colors that's curved. And we're using push buttons with a supplement of an on-screen menu. Then sounded like we had set eight or nine buttons, including five preset channels. Okay. Let's do the look and field design presentation first. One is those. Right. Well, we made three different prototypes and I guess we'll start with this one. We have our colors not fixed, but this is the general shape. You hold it either like this in your left hand or you switch it over and it's easily adaptable to either hand. You can push the buttons with your thumb like a mobile phone or you can push them with your index finger with your other hand. Or even then there's a whole variety. You can hold it like this and press it with your same index finger. We have the on-off button at the tip. Very visible. Very big. We have our up and down buttons which are also going to be our channel selectors and we have our little menu button here. If you push, if you're just pushing these normally, they're the menu buttons. If the volume buttons are either if you press select once, they become channel changing buttons. You can press select three times, the menu with the other features and possibly also with your TV channel choices shows up and you have your five presets down here. If people want to grab hold of that and see how it feels in your hand, let's our number one prototype. Do you want to present the potato or shall I peel off the varsity? I'm going to take a little lightening bolt in it. Very cute. I can pull that one. The rompus. The rompus? This one's nice. It's not presented. It's an ergonomic shape. It fits in your hands. It's the last bit. Designs to be used to be in your left hand or in your right hand. I've come here just for full buttons on this one. The two blue buttons here after just in the volume. You can just go up volume up, volume down on the other side here. The other one is out for channel, channel down. This moves between your favorite channels. This middle button here is up your on screen menu. When you work in your on screen menu, you use the other four buttons to navigate to another menu system. The middle button is like this. That's basically it. That's basically it. It's the middle button. On off. That would be one of your channels. Basically, channel zero would be. It turns off. Could the middle button of the on screen menu? The on screen menu? Function of the power button? No, really. It would make it hard to do this. It's on the TV off. If you press and held it, maybe. You can call it down. Yeah. It's on off. That's the possibility. Okay. And then finally, we have the Martian or the pair. Either way. It's a bit different. Just a little bit more of a creative feel. You have the on off toggle stem on the top. We have the five preset seats. And then you have all the sides to make it a little bit more three-dimensional. You have your channel changing volume changing buttons on your menu button right here in the middle. That's for your consideration as well. Plus it's an interesting talking point to have standing up. We figured it could stand up like this on your table if you wanted it to if I made the bottom plate. Sorry, what's the other one in the middle? The menu select button. Very interesting. That was my favorite. That's our free presentation. Basically, it's unsightly. You see, what the good thing is, first of all, decide on a form, which of the three different types do want to. Then decide what kind of button you want, how many buttons, and then this piece, what kind of speed it is. And then you want to put in the text, then the device, like you know, when you're in the bottom table. But then they go to the point. We were thinking that normally we'd go for fruity colors, but maybe we're also thinking that you're sort of middle-aged man. For an example, customer might not want a fruity colored remote. So maybe we'd have one version that's a bit toned down, maybe with less contrast on it. There's something still a little bright to make it hard to lose, but... Yes. Now that was one thing that we wrote up over email. I don't know if you picked up your email, but the feature that we considered for it not getting lost. Right. Well, we were talking about that a little bit when we got that email. And we think that each of these are so distinctive that it's not just like another piece of technology around your house. It's going to be somewhere that it can be seen. So we're not thinking that it's going to be as critical to our covers or in a couch. It's so heavy. Would it be very difficult to just have an external device that taped to your TV that when you press it, a little beep goes off. Do you think that would be conceptually possible? I think. I think it would be difficult to send a lot of things. Because if you're a licensed mouse, it's probably under the safety. And then that has not been designed for that. So it's a bit... I'm not quite sure. That's true. Yeah. Okay. I wonder if it's more just to give it a minute to the manufacturers. I don't know how many times people are in service. You do a lot to go with the device like that. There might be something that you can do in the short of word in the chip to make it make a noise or something. But it would take a lot more development than we have this after. Okay. That's a fair evaluation. Getting lost. We decided not to worry about that for now. Okay. Because well, the designs are very bright, so you're right. They're going to stick out. So do people have a preference as far as feel and functionality? I feel like this is similar to sort of what already exists. So for trying to think of something sort of like new and fun, even though this is like what you're initially... I'm initially drawn to just because it's like comfortable and like not different. I sort of like this one. Like I don't know why it just... It's like small but still sort of like cute looking. I don't know. But I also like the side buttons on that one. I think that's kind of neat. But I don't know how much any of this has to do with the fashionable sort of cool looking thing that we also need to focus on. Could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for Anos? So then we would have to do a little bit more. There we go. That's good. Here. Stick it on. Sure. Why don't we do a product evaluation using your criteria? Everyone. Like I think we're supposed to have one that we do it for. Oh, okay. Okay. That was... I was a little vague on what exactly I'm supposed to do. But let me... I have to like write something on the whiteboard. Do you need this or just write on the whiteboard? No, I actually don't have like a PowerPointy thing. Okay. Because I think it would be redundant. I don't know. Ooh, good joystick kind of thing. Hey. Maybe a little smaller than that. No, I kind of like it. That's hard to miss. Oh, it does. It's kind of like... Oh, okay. There. There. Could have a stem like that. Because I do kind of like the stem. What? Yeah. It almost helps you keep a grip too. Because it goes in between fingers. Just like this one. Okay. Is that what we're talking about? The potatoes. I like the idea of a... I mean, that's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down. That one. I am worried about like using a menu. It's not like within menus there are sub menus. So how do you get back to the main menu? Well, on the I-O, you just... Every time you want to go back, you hit the menu button. And you press the menu button. And that doesn't menu button separate from a select button. Whereas if this one's both the menu and the select button. This is... The up and down button is the use of the... ...the up and down button. So this is the first... Okay. If I'm the first one, you want to see this... ...you just divide the menu. Could these be used for going sub-many? Yes, sub-many. Or maybe it could be one of those if you press down and hold... ...for two seconds. Then it brings you back one level or something. Okay. Well, as long as we have that in mind as we're designing it still. Okay. Okay. So which one are we sort of roughly looking at to address... ...whether or not it meets our necessities? The yellow we want is that potato? Are we leaning towards the potatoing? Okay. Well, we can obviously change it after we go through these different ones. So basically what we need to do is some of the things that we've talked about before. We need to make sure that that remote actually does conform to the things that we said it was going to. So what we sort of want to do is we each need to separately rank each of the following things. And then I'll tabulate in average just to make sure that it doesn't meet that. So we'll just go through them one at a time and we'll just go around and each of you can tell me... ...on a scale of one to seven with one being really extremely true. And seven being not true at all or false. If the remote that we've created conforms to the following criteria. So we can do this one first. First, we want to know if it meets the fancy look and feel objective. So in my opinion, for now at least the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle. So I'm going to say it's like a three. That's just my opinion. What is each of you? I kind of think it's unique enough that I'd give it a one or two. Okay. Well, give it the number. Sorry. I will give it a one. I don't know if it's creative. I don't know if fancy is the word I would use. I don't know if any of them are fancy. I'd say two because it's unique. And two. Awesome. All right. And same sort of scale for functionality. Is it functional? I think it's extremely functional. I'm going to give it a one. One. I think it's functional. I think it will get everything done. I think it might be a little confusing at first. Well, there's some other ones that will address that. Okay. Then I'm going to give it a two. Awesome. Okay. We want to know next if it's technologically innovative. Did you give it functional? Yes. She said it was fun. Is it technologically innovative? Not really. I mean, not so much because we don't have the LCD screen. We don't have fancy chip. Other than what it looks like, I don't know if it's... Well, the kinetic battery. The kinetic battery is a big one. So... How many people have noticed that though? But we know it's there. And you're going to be like, hey, I have never changed the battery. And if it's made of latex, that's a light. And if it's made of latex, that's a light. Yeah, that's pretty cool. I'll give it a three. Because it... I could have picked a lot of features. I would make it really. Yeah. I would say that it's... Yeah. Like, fancy versus creative. It's different. Which is that. It's innovative. I don't know. I'll give it a three. Why? You don't know? It's a thermological. It's not... It's not unique. I mean, it's... It's... Yeah. Like, fancy versus creative. It's... It's different. Which is that. It's innovative. It's... It's... It's just... It's just... It's... It's... I think I'm going to go with four as well. Okay. I really like that. I can't have that right now. Next... Is it easy to use? Just so you know, easy to learn will be separate. Is it all? Okay. Overlapped them. I think it's really easy to use. I'll give it... Not two. I'll give it a one. Pretty hard to mess up. That's the one. I'll need to say two. All right. We next want to see if it has a spongy quality. And if indeed it's made of latex arubber, it's spongy all the way. Give it one. Yeah. One of the bounces when you jump. Ooh, then you could... It'd be hard to break, hard to lose. It would be less impact. And what do you give it? I'll give it one. All right. And the next is... Does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables? Well, is it going to be yellow? It might be who that's our corporate color, isn't it? That's right. Yeah, corporate color. We didn't keep that in... We might not want to keep it yellow. Well, if we... I know it would make it a little less... A little more confusing. But if we had all the buttons in black and the design and the outside in yellow, that would be our corporate one. And then we could also have alternative colors, one and more conservative one. One is more fruity. Yeah, it's more like a silvery kind of white or something. Yeah. Yeah, this one. And can we have like an RR inscribed on the bottom or something? Sure. Okay. All right. So I think it's... It was inspired by the potato. Yeah, it's pretty green. I think it's kind of mango-y too. Ooh, mango. I think it was a little one. The mango kind of put me over. That's a much more... What's everyone's number? What? Oh, it's a... One. All right. And does the design match the appropriate behavior? Remember earlier we discussed that people don't use a lot of buttons that they use. The channel's been in the volume the most. I think we really took that into account a lot. So I'm going to give it a one. Yeah, me too. Do you say one, Rose? Yes. Okay. Also we talked earlier about RSI and wanting to prevent any sort of like carpal tunneling kind of thing. Do we think that the latex sort of grip appropriately takes that into account? I think I'll give it a two because I almost feel like no matter what you do, something is going to happen. And if it's repetitive movement, it is going to be only four buttons that you're constantly pushing. I'm worth the rest. I like how it fits in the hand though. I'd go with the two. I'll say two as well because older people that aren't used to like texting, but if I might mind a bit... Cry at first, but... All right, awesome. And the ease of learning it. I know you were saying that you were a little bit nervous about that. I don't know. It sort of reminds me of the iPod. I just got my NICOLM at the instruction book and I'm doing okay. And I'm not good at learning technology. So I'll give it a two. The menu system and the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing, but I think if it's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out, but you'll have it afterwards. So I think I'd give it a two, I guess. I think it's probably a little harder than most of them, because you have to use the NICOLM system, and you have to tell it what you've been talking about. Oh, good point. I think that everyone can pass. But once you've learned how to use it, I think it'll be a lot easier. I'll give it a four. Okay. I think it'd give it a four to. It's a pretty high learning curve. It'll be easy once you've done it, but... All right. Also, earlier we had something about losing it, and so now we're not addressing that at all. So... I think we can kind of say we addressed it with color. Okay. So in terms of not losing it, do you think that on a scale of one to seven, how easy or hard is it to lose? I'm going to give it a four, because I think that you can still... In between somewhere where you can't see it, you're kind of not going to find it, but anywhere else it's going to stand out. I did. I'd give it a three. This depends how tidy you are normally. You're giving it a four. It's small too. All right. We also said simplicity. How well does it address just being simple? Simple to use or simple in design. I think overall, because we had said before our two main things were simplicity and fashion, so those are the next few things we're going to look at. Separate from fancy, like that sort of thing. It wants to be simple, but it's not totally totally simple, so I'm going to give it a two. I want to do it a three, I guess. Three. All right. And fashionable. It's totally fashionable. It's hot. I mean, it's a mango. Mom. I mean, how fashionable can you make a road? I think it's bringing technology and fashion together really well. I don't know. I don't think it's quite as fashionable as my robot or both. I do like the little machine. The little machine. Yeah, the toggle on off switch. It's really appealing. Number two. One. And does it meet our demographic need for international appeal? That whole thing. I just said it would serve our audience. I don't see why not. I think as long if we offer in at least three different color arrangements. Yeah. That's good. So I'll give it a two. Yeah. All right. Does anyone have any other features that they think are important that we didn't talk about? Well, we didn't we didn't address the fact that it does need to have a corporate logo. So let's make sure we keep that in mind that we have that one of our colored concepts is corporate and has an RR on it. Well, I think all of them are. And so we're going to do that. So it will address it. Fine. Okay. I love you. Okay. Now we're going to look at finances. I have an Excel sheet that we're actually going to calculate the cost. So let me add it out of this first. Okay. All right. I know. Let me get back a little more space. And I zoom in real quick. Okay. Hand dynamo. We're using a kinetic battery, right? Oh, kinetic, yeah. And we're having one per... One. Okay. Electronics. Single. Simple. Simple rather. Okay. Hase. A double curved. Yeah, that's very curvy. So. Yeah, I don't have to get a picture of it. So I don't really know. Our case material supplements. Oops. We just get a little bit more. We need plastic. No, we... The plastic is... The plastic for the inside is... Assume it. The supplement is... Oh, I guess it was rubber rather than rubber. It was rubber and special color, right? Yeah. Okay. More than one special color. Yeah, we're using... We're going to need at least two special colors. I don't know what the basic colors are. Yeah. Well, but we know that we're having at least three colors. So... Well, are we talking about on each color combination? Or we... No, but like we'll have yellow and black. Is that two special colors? Yeah, I don't know. Or is white and black? Or... Uh... I guess it's three. You're just saying three, three, three? You're... Right. Maybe the RR will be in color as well, so... Yeah. Interface. We're doing push buttons. Yep. And how many buttons do we have? Six. On a bar. Six. With a power. Six. Anything else? No. Oh, we'll... Do we want... Or the button in special colors? Special... I didn't get information on that. Oh, wait. Oh, buttons. So the case material will just have one color, right? Well, the buttons will be in special colors. But if we're making multiple varieties of... This is where I'm getting confused. We're saying per unit. Per unit. Okay, so each unit will only have one color. All right, in each one. But the cases could have up to three... I mean, the buttons could be up to three colors? That's how it's designed there. I like it like that. No. Okay. Special form. They're all kind of just push buttons. No, I think they're fine. Special material. We want them rubber as well, probably, yeah. So... Oh, do I have to do per button? Do I? No, I don't think so. I think they're all gonna be rubber. Is that what it matters? Yeah, because for the whole case material, it's only one. Yeah. I mean, it's two to make it rubber. Oh, wait. So maybe. 13.7. Uh-oh. Yeah. Okay, let's have our buttons all be one color. I kind of like the about that would do. It's only gonna bring us down to 13.3 anyway. All right. Okay. Are we sure this is double curved? Maybe it's single curved. We have to know what the idea is. We have to know what the idea is. I don't know. I didn't get any pictures. It's single curved. Why? Well, it's not the, yeah. Okay, it's a kinetic battery that's kind of expensive. But we have a simple chip. Single curved. Case material is rubber and it's a special color. Yeah. But that's important. That is important. Six buttons. How did we get all the tests? Six buttons. What did you just change? It was 13 and that was 15. No, okay, maybe not. I don't know what just happened. Now it's 12. Oh. 12.5. Hey. So we're okay. I think that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We're all set. I saved that to our big shuttered folder. So you know. Okay. Back to agenda. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's move on to the project evaluation. Project process. So as a factional with, for example, the room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, the means, and you know ideas found. So I guess what we're going to talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project, the information we got, and used how we used it if we were able to, you know, use our creativity with the information. How, how well I guess I let it, how well we worked together as a team, the digital pen, the whiteboard. Wow. Okay. I felt very creative. I enjoyed making the prototype. I think it was being successful in that team, almost all of the people in the office, and I think it was a great idea to work with the students. I think we could have done even better with a little bit more information, like once a single curve case, how many colors, what the colors count, things. But given what we had, I think we did really well. I think we worked together pretty well. Yeah. I think we could have had more market research in the front of our professionals, maybe we could have taken that into account. But the fruit is the most stimulated by creativity. I know. I really did. The whole mango idea was crazy. No. I mean, the pen was a little distracting for me personally. It's heaviness. I mean, just being so conscious of turning the pages, I don't know. That was a bit of a distraction. But with the last one, like I chose not to do a power of wink, I made sense to say, like, that I had the option to do that, and just to take my own note and that sort of thing. I think we all made very significant contributions. I don't think anybody dominated it, which I thought was really good. Like each of us was able to, like, did you have your information? And I tried to facilitate it without, like, taking it over. And then I got my little fish waters. I think that's how we could kind of want one. Can we work at this as the back-go-room out? Should we have that somewhere on the packaging? I have a little problem. Trying to think of a good pun that I could add there, but I know it's a good, like, a magical... Like the R-R, that's going to be etched in. Yes. Hopefully not with just my thinking at one point. But I'm going to use a little gadget. Oh, thanks to Ian for the design of that one. He's a... Okay. What do we find out about the R-R? What do we find out about the R-R? What do we find out about the R-R? People should really base their own votes on a true, so that's true. Definitely. Or at least be creative enough to think of toggle switches. I, et cetera. I am really into the idea of kinetic batteries now. Oh, I'm so excited about them. Can anyone know they existed? I knew you could get watches that had them, like, really quite expensive watches. That just never needed a battery because you're always moving your wrist. But in other things, I think it would be really good. And it, yeah, that's awesome. Okay, closing. At the cost of the budget. With the project evaluated. And then there's a final question there. What do you think, Samary? So this is a great product, kids. I think we've created something really interesting, and that we have a market for it. Especially if we can produce it at 12.3, which we hope. Yeah. Make sure in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the final results. Yeah, really. I do like the Martian remote. I would choose more than one. Oh, that would definitely be my second choice. Although the top toggle. I'm afraid I would break it. I would break it. I think I would break it. It started because I wanted to have it as a stem. Alright, so that's funny. It started as a pair, but it started looking word-world like portion. I'm looking like a penguin. I like that it's a stamp on. Well, maybe I should market it to a remote control company. So our art. Oh, the rules. A little thing. Okay. Congratulations. I think we'll come up until after our meeting. It's supposed to be over. I got more master classes. It's really funny that you got spammed in your work. Check it out. I'm not sure if you're going to get a job. But you need to keep in mind your knowledge management. I just want to make sure you do. The first time I used something like I didn't realize it was a joke. I was like, why did she send it to us? It's very work relevant. It's a spam-a-lot. Yeah, definitely. I'm very sad that I didn't get any links to the corporate website. Here, you can see what's in there. Look at the words. Wow. It's really deep. It takes a little while. I'm getting excited to learn. That backslap thing is pretty cool. Yeah, that's a very live excel. It's one of my favorite programs. Inspiration. Basically, I'm going to give you two sentences on fashion. That kind of thing. You missed out that much. Yeah, my inspiration from last time is the interior of our remote control being a little bit more focused on the remote control. I learned a lot. I could probably take a part of remote control now if I really needed to. That's almost cool. I got a whole table and everything. I don't have all of those circuits and chips and trans ponders. I wrote it all down because I thought it would be relevant. All the different parts of the inside of our remote control. But then they're like, you don't actually need this. You just like my name was like, would you prefer an LCD screen or multi-function remote control of any kind of table? It's awesome. I'm glad they asked that question and didn't report there as well. It's really interesting though. I thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing. Yeah. Yeah, a lot of other ways of technology out today was kind of cool. That was really how it got emails. It was the one short thing. No. Although I don't see how we could have very, well, at least for me. Yeah. If I had gotten pictures of the different parts of the case, the different looks of the case, I would have probably drawn them up. Because we weren't voting on anything. I think usually, like, great boards are good. And you're crossing ideas or like, if we had a brainstorming period. They also put a brainstorming stuff up there rather than just talking about it. That's how we were good. Or, like, for people that don't really make sense. I had with the PowerPoint that we can all look at. Like, you can do all those things pretty much on PowerPoint. And these might have made us more willing to take notes than to, like, rhythm and peer. Because we all needed them separately, kind of, in the whiteboards in this room. Because we were all going to be working in different places. If we were all going to stay here all the time, then having the notes up on the whiteboard would have been all right. But everyone needs their own specific notes to get. Now, when you were creating your prototypes here, did you work together or did you, like, do separate projects? We worked together, but we were like, like, some of my different types. And then we discussed how the buttons were going to work. Mm-hmm. So, I'm just going to do the same thing. So, it was a bit of both, really. We just kind of started out by each taking a color of clay and just falling around with it. And I came out with that rhombus shape, and he came out with a sort of potato-y, mango-y shape. And then, I just went from there, really. Cool. That was fun. So, well done with the management. I felt well-managed. Oh, thank you. I think we could go out and say something. So, keeping our maintenance to time, and certainly, actually, we did a good job of making some decision-fitnesses. Sorry. That happened to be all the time, though. I know what happened sometimes is that that's something happening to me, and then, because it took the way without anything that really became decided. I think, I'm a young, and decisive place now that we can set up the new ones, and I was quite worried at the end of the last meeting that we weren't getting. We didn't really have enough information to make from decisions, but we were able to do it regardless, so. I'm not usually a very decisive person, so it helped to have people say this needs to be done to find them. I found that we could have used another five or ten minutes, and I think we could have used that for the past two days. I think the last time we had a lot of information, but at the same time, not quite enough. You know what I mean? We couldn't answer every single question. Right? But, and I felt the first two meetings that I was coming in with no information, and that sort of made me really, I don't know, throwing together a PowerPoint out of no information. The last time it was like the opposite, I had so much information, and so much to talk about. It was interesting what came out later, like as I was doing the, when I was doing the breakdown on the agenda that they gave me, that more points came out from your presentation even. I am a little, I am a little, that we didn't do something for losing the room out, because that was kind of a big point. But that was something, like in order to talk about that, we wouldn't have had to have actual knowledge about circuit boards. So that, yeah. Even when we were just creating from the Excel file, there wasn't like an option to select to somehow have it included. So there was no way, we could be like, yeah, I haven't included. There's no way for us to have ridden down that it was really there. I think we were just getting over in through the essay with the task. Well, it's interesting really got into it. I mean, I got into it as the day went on, and I got really like, oh, I've designed a room of control. I don't know if that's just me, but yeah, that's really. It was interesting though, that they put that 50% of people say they have frustration with losing their room out, and yet they didn't provide us with information too. Yeah. I'm going to discuss that. I know that people have things they can put on their keys, that you press it and it'll beep. But I'm sure that would require some kind of technology that I just don't know what it is. I think there are some of those, like, intercom or show remote that have things so you won't lose them. I don't know. I mean, we were talking about it in my household, at least. There's only about two places that the remote is ever. There's only one TV, and there's only like, there's only, like, you never got a room with your keys, and I always do anyway. You'll lose them in your pocket. You just won't forget that, or you'll put it down somewhere that made sense, and then, I remember there's always ways to lose things. Yeah, it depends on how organized you are personally. Yeah, or, like, can I guess, what the set of the houses to? But, I am notorious for losing my keys. I guess I've just never lost the remote. I put my keys in the refrigerator the other day. I find them. I was putting groceries away. That's fine. You're taking stuff on the bag and putting them in the refrigerator. In fact, my room can't get in. Yeah, it can. Look all around the kitchen. Definitely in the vegetable drawer. So, I always do the alleviate in my coat, and then, like, you as you need a different coat. Yep. But, I guess it's good we don't really care at our amounts around that much. Yeah. Can't always get into the other room. Maybe we had with our little robot, or we could have had him have a robot alien pair, whatever he is, have a little voice. I am located. So, a GPS, it's an internal GPS. And then, yeah. How about if it's sitting still for a minute? Or, like, a box-white self. It really could get up and walk away. Or, like, some crazy, like, electromagnetic, that you push it in, it'll go zoom to the TV and stick there. Or just a wheel, you know? Just if you... Well, you have to ever vote for your robot. That would give you... Well, but if you could attach them to the TV, then you could... Yeah. Okay. Sorry, I'm just trying to update my minutes. I decided to... You know how I sent you the email saying that PowerPoint in minutes will be complimentary. Yeah. Rather than, like, repeating, I'm just going to make a making full minutes so that it will include all of the agenda and all that. Wow. Because it seems a little more useful. Just, you can... Like, the most typing and organizing to do. But I didn't have, like, information to sloth the area there, so... I guess. How much of your PowerPoint was already done for you? Every meeting? Most of it. Mm-hmm. I added slides. Okay, I added a couple slides each time, but that was better. Yeah. I didn't think about adding slides, because I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I was just going to... I had having slides, because I would just get slides with titles on them, and fill them all in. Didn't even think about adding more. When we were thinking of... It would provide... An agenda was, like, several points, but it wouldn't have a slide for each point and that's the only way I remember that I need to go over that point. I know personally, when I do PowerPoint, that's what I do. So... I added ones, even if it was just, like, the title of it, like the three presentations. That we didn't write. right. You have to have a slogan on it or can I just be like the slogan on it? No, definitely not. I don't think we need to. Yellow and black one. Is it yellow or blue? Or yellow and blue? Let me go to the webpage. Yeah, it's just kind of going by the webpage because they didn't give me any clear. Like yellow and red. It's not like this black. Great. Great. Better than black doesn't look so bombly to you. I really understand the reason I'm like news clubbing. I thought it was interesting that our marketing expert did not agree with the marketing choices. Maybe it's like sad to come out with potato. Potato bag of the same for votes. I'm going to have to claim it intellectual property. I can't believe it's a whole day. I don't feel like it's been out of here. It's like this.