 Möglichkeit parahyun proud camera man Ok? Você é ok? Hmm... C'mon Ok Ok Ok, então Start of the first meeting Ok, so agenda of the first meeting Where we... We have 25 minutes for this meeting We... Are to get acquainted Então, temos a chance to see who they are And that's it Sensible I'm Lisa I'm the industrial designer And then I'm a store And then the project leader Alright, ok, so two training Project Plan Is there anyone have any thoughts? That's to the tool training that is required? I'm not actually sure what you mean by tool training You're not a man Oh, I see, so we shouldn't really be Alright, ok, so So we have the project team which is to Basically to come up with a new remote control device We have the starting base was the original Which has been an existence now for a period of time And uh... And uh... And uh... And uh... And uh... And uh... And uh... Our idea is to uh... To make the new remote control device More user friendly than the previous one And to... To be trained or to be with it And therefore to uh... To get a bigger market share and bigger audience So um... Method of doing this is uh... Split up As you can see in to uh... And then we have the project Which is uh... Split up As you can see in to uh... The functional design The conceptual design And the detailed design So um... Um... And each of these uh... Faces will uh... Basically be handing over to yourselves The designs of this uh... This device And uh... And uh... Having uh... Meetings So that we can uh... During the course of the day And uh... Come up with uh... Better... Better and implement than we had before And therefore um... Have a successful uh... Conclusion to Ziddi Um... And uh... We've got two things Try out whiteboard So we're well... Right so basically everyone's two uh... Supposedly uh... Draw their favourite animal Over on the whiteboard over there I guess this is uh... Make sure the whiteboard works So uh... Don't know who wishes to go first You wish to go first Um... Ah... Could have ever got puppets today You know you move out from the microphone And the camera I would take it that... I would guess so You've lost uh... Technical problems, I mean... You designers are meant to come up with this I think that I would have to see That my favourite animal is the cat That's my little cat, eh? Um... And this would be... Because the very independent uh... The very intelligent Compared to dogs maybe Um... And there can be very very affectionate Some people don't think so But and or very affectionate cats Um... Um... And they can look after themselves Thank you Next, shall I look at our actually I'm going to look at the camera I'm going to look at the camera I'm going to look at the camera Yeah, yeah Shall I look at our actually I don't see there's any need to There's plenty of space I mean... Whatever I have a home in nature Exactly So I'll see how I can get the costs right this time We've had more time to prepare over this site So we've all stuck our bits and bits and pockets I didn't think that Okay No three pens are underneath I'll try the red pen Okay I'm going to go for... The bath Where some of the others draw very well I'll have a bath You get marks for artistic impression I lost it there I can't look something like a... So you're just doing the face We'll get a little bit for a small... Small bear bun And I like my animal that looks nothing like a bear Because... Hasn't there maybe because of the same when you cartoon characters made the bath for them Maybe you don't have a good character This is the fact Right Hello I'm going to go for the dog I'm going to draw one badly as well It looks like he's going to be a tax and that's something That's very good Right, there's my dog I like dogs because they're very loyal And they're always happy Whenever you're feeling a bit down or tired They're always coming up and they're always quite excited You can always have a lot of fun with the dog And they're also good for exercise as well So they get out and they never get tired And when they're tired they're quite cute as well Okay That's why I like dogs I like dogs Right Well, I've not actually had too many pets Over my time because to be honest with you To keep them anyway Not to worry so what my daughters have got at the moment is they've got a few fish And so hopefully Won't prove too difficult to draw And As you can see that my artistic work is useless as well Anyway And one of the best things about fish is that they don't really take too much Looking after Because with most of the animals If you're going to wear a holiday or whatever You've got to spend money or get a friend or whatever to look after them for you Whereas if you've got fish you just got to put the food in a dripper feed Which feeds them over the couple of weeks at your way And Change the water every couple of months And buy in a few plants Other than the fact that keep dying Fish or Are not Are reasonable pets in that There are little maintenance Right Okay Or still all with us Right, okay So Work has been done on This project were by 25 euros as the expected Sound price That information has come from a marketing manager here So we're looking to sell internationally not just in Europe We're looking at Having a production costs limited to 12 and a half Udl per unit And therefore making a profit margin Of well not actually a profit margin Because obviously you're going to have overheads and then you're selling costs to take From From that to give you your profit margin per unit And so depending what the overhead Costs are Determine How many units were Looking to sell or projecting to sell at that point in time So Experience with remote control first ideas You remote So i guess we're Looking at I'm going to discuss it at this point in time to help You Folks designer or new model As it were So Any thoughts Maybe found the serum by controls the bones are little small They're quite hard to pass So we can make something where they're This is pass As I as the main function Okay so Basically we're looking for some we're looking for a device That is Rebost And therefore Get damaged too easily We're looking for Device That is What was the other thing you said there? So easy to use Easy to use Yes As is easy to use And see Okay Just check Is this just a television or Because a lot of Systems are kind of TV video combined now TV video combined One of the most known things is having like 5 or more to the house So if you got a combined system It could be a combined system Always a just the television that is supposed to do Well they still get back to you And that but it seems to me sensible Because as you rightly said There's nothing more annoying And having three or four devices littered about the About the room And So a device for For all remotes So it's one of the things Okay Yeah One of the things we found in the market research is that People have to get confused by the number of buttons on them as well Because there's quite often lots and lots And Sometimes They sort of remote controls to keep their own purpose Because You're setting the chair and the remote is somewhere else in the room So So you have to get it to sort of pick up the remote So So we need to sort of maybe think about how We could maybe Develop a remote control which moves around the trees I don't know That's maybe something for the future And you can talk to your television But In a sense it's Mutually exclusive you can't have both The one device And then have few Buttons on it Because you want You want simplicity as well You want Any idiot to be able to use it Whilst at the same time you want As you're out there say one remote for all And so These are Probably Naturally exclusive options That You could argue that experience Of using devices and similar devices as people get more and more used to Using remote therefore the more I'll feel with handling them Therefore you can make them more complicated as things go on Maybe we could have better instructions with or we just do the design of the remote control For the instructions that we can use it Better instructions Yeah We've done some research About sort of Using edge sort of handheld devices And a lot of them sort of use You know there's like many laptops So it's possible that we could devise a system where You're basically sort of holding a miniature computer which is controlling all your Your sort of your Television Your stereo and where you know if you buy a new thing then it's sort of You can link it to that as well Maybe Okay So we have to start winding up Is there Next meeting in 30 minutes Okay So Right So we've got ID Come on, my You just click return it Okay Get rid of the message Or not If you hit just hit return it you should get rid of the message Oh there we go That's what we're looking for Right So we've got functional Or what happened to the I think that might be back in the start And if you grab the kind of So it's like slide Left or right Yeah Right Right Sorry about that Okay so we've got the working design For ID, the UID, the technical functions design Marketing the user requirements specification Specificance structure is sent to you about your person by your personal coach So We'll clear what objectives we're looking to meet in the next 30 minutes And I guess I'll try and write up some minutes of this meeting To To give it to you for the next meeting I'm not exactly clear on what What the design Is it a multiple functional one Or do I decide that ourselves I think you just said the style is a television And we're not just trying to say that unless we get told That's true Because during the course of our day We might make decisions based on information or meetings That would change Where we're going But at this point in time I think you're right So make it just a TV Okay So, depart We will stay here And break off And I'll do minutes And we'll see you in half now Okay Right