 Good to see you all again. Let's see if that can be done. This is our functional design meeting. Okay. We put the fashion in electronics. Okay, our agenda today. Just took time. It's 12.13. I'm going to do an opening. Talk about, did you all get the minutes? I emailed them to you. I'm also putting them in the shared folder. So, we'll talk about our general objectives and have your three presentations. I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received. And then we have to make a decision on our route control functions. And finally, we'll just close. We're starting this meeting at approximately 12.13 and we have 40 minutes. First of all, the functional design objectives. We need to keep in mind the user requirements specification, what needs and desires are to be fulfilled. Detectional functions design, what effect the apparatus should have, and the working design. How the apparatus actually works to fulfill its function. Okay, three presentations. You can go in any order you choose. Should we go in the order that you just did it? Sure. Please do. I don't know. How do I hook my screen up? I think you might have to discus it. Yes, Rose. It's a function effect. Blue one, that thing. Is it plugged in all the way and you screwed it in? How wait, it's burned. I think you just have to push it in really hard. Oh, got it. Let's tighten it a little bit. I'm not attached to anything. There you go. All right. So, I don't know if you guys are able to get access to the report that was online or if I'm the only one who is. I don't know how to play this. Press the little presentation. It's the, it looks like a Y kind of over there above draw. There. That one. There you go. Right. So, we're just going to talk a little bit about functional requirements that people specified when they were asked. I guess, real reaction did market research. They had 100 subjects into their usability lab and they watched them watch TV and recorded the frequency that they use particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had. What they found was they analyzed people's desires and needs focusing on their desires. People specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly. 75% of the 100 subjects noted that and that they more importantly though, 80% said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote. I don't know anything beyond what fancy means, but that's particularly of use to us, I think. Also, they did some questions on voice recognition and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age. So, younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition, whereas the older people in the, like, 60 and above segment or so did not really think that they would pay more money for voice recognition. People also had certain frustrations that I think that we could try to take into consideration with our design, that being people frustrated with losing their remotes. I think over 50% of the people mentioned that that was their biggest frustration. People were also frustrated with the difficulty it is to learn how to use a remote. And I think that ties back to what you were saying before, just that there's too many buttons. It just needs to be easy to use. It also mentioned something called RSI, and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what RSI is. I don't know. What? There we go. Well, people did not like that, so I guess sort of the carpal tunnel type thing. People did not like that. They were petitive views, I guess, caused a strain. Looking at the need, people specified. The problem right now is that people's promotes are not matching their operating behavioral. People are only using 10% of the buttons that they have offered to them on their remote. And what people do most often is changing the channel and changing the volume. People also zap, like, change the channel about 65% during an hour of use. So we really just need to focus in on those volumes and channel changes, rather than things like the audio settings, the screen settings, and the channel settings, because they're used much more infrequently and probably complicate what's going on. So I think that some things that we might want to think about, the idea of an LCD screen was brought up, although they didn't have any details on what people's preferences on that were. So I don't know if that's coming to me later. I wasn't like that, but something for us to consider. Also, just the phenomenon that lasts is more when it comes to the buttons on their remote or what we want to make easiest to use. Make sure that, you know, something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on their remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often. And basically, in order for us to win over to the consumer, we just need to focus on what it looks like, that it has a fancy appeal, and that it's not ugly, and that it feels like the way they're going to use it. So it doesn't give them any hand injuries or things like that. Thank you very much. That was great. Let's move on to the next presentation on effects. You? Great. Can we go up a button to spare that? Okay. But the user interface, right? And interface. Oh no. Nice. Okay. And I think that's in the shared. If I did it right, if anyone wants to look at it, I think. Thank you. Okay. So I'm going to talk about the technical functions design that we're going to make. I need to start by considering what other make control actually is. It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television. So it's basically a communication device. We tell the remote control what we want to do. It sends a message to the television saying change the channel, change the volume. Yeah, I just need to set it. We just divide this. How do we actually go about designing any television remote control? So what we're going to do is to come up with the design specifications. We need to know what our final product is going to be like. So we need a clear idea of exactly what this product does, how it works, and what the end user is going to want to do this product. A way I'd suggest that we could get about this by designing several different types of user interfaces for this product. And then trying to get some feedback about how well these particular prototypes work. So by now what people think of them using a remote control is quite a subjective experience. And definitely different people. We should remember that remote controls are a fairly standard piece of equipment when it uses using a remote control. The other key expects the buttons to be in certain places. So in some sense we're going to have to aim for the device which is very conventional in design. So that we're not completely shocking people. But I think within that there is also been just to introduce novel ideas and to make something that's perhaps a little bit different. Some of this stands out. Also in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities. The first of these is technological. What can we do with the current state of technology as it is? The second is economic. We need to find the balance between features and price. So as you mentioned things like voice recognition would add to the price. But it would also include the design of the product. So I have a look on the web to see if I can find a few examples of existing television and make control. In analyzing these we can consider what things what's good about them, what things they get like, what's bad about them, what's wrong with them, how we can improve on the designs that are found. So what can we do to make our products stand out from the large majority of the remote controls? Here's two examples. Probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum. On the left here we've got an engineering based design of the remote control. So it's one that's got lots of buttons. Everything you might possibly want to do is go forward backwards, up, down, channel numbers, volume, these things. It's fully featured and it might take a while to get to learn to use it. But once you've learned it, you can do whatever you want with your TV. The one on the right is a lot more basic. It's just got the essential functions of the TV, changing the channel place, not volume. It would be a lot quicker to learn to use it. Again, it swings a lot about the disadvantages and can't use it. Say to freeze the inhibition picture. There's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control. So we've got to find a way of striking the balance between the two. As I said before, the remote control is our subjective. Different people want different things. Personally, what I want to know about remote control is a device that's simple. It's easy to use. It's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often, changing the volume, changing the channel. It does everything that I need it to. As I said before, I'm quite lazy. I don't want to work constantly in just my television. I also want something that looks cool and that feels with this ergonomically designed. Thank you very much. That was very useful. It's funny to see the drastic difference between those two remotes. Neither of them were very pretty. I think that could be our selling point. Fashion, fashion, the mode. Right. There's a certain market technology that looks cool. That's my company's app movement. Yeah. I really can't see what I'm doing. So, there it is. Oh, look at that. Showing up already? Did it let you go on the internet? That was just funny. Okay. So, I was like, you're willing? I'm like, please. I'm going to go on. All right. No. How do I play again? It's right above draw. There are three things. It's with bottom. There are three icons. It's the one that looks like a desk. Yeah, that one. Okay. So, this is our working design presentation. I had a bit of some issues with this because I wasn't able to find everything I needed. I guess that's, we're still in early stages. So, yeah, this is this. The thing about working design is the, what we're trying to do is the working designers figure out how the apparatus can fulfill its function. One of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder. It works because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans and then put the beans through a filter. And that filters out and then you get coffee at the end. That's nice and hot because of the combination of electrical energy and then other things that are brought in to make it work. I don't know if I'm explaining that very well, but how do I get to the next? So, the method as working designers figure out what you need to make it fulfill this practical function. What needs to be done and how do we convert all elements to make that done? So, what the easiest thing to do is to break down all the points at which you need something to happen. So, you make a schematic of the way that the energy is converted towards this practical function. And then I think the easiest thing to do is going to be work on each task separately. So, you just press, you just press, you just press that. So, the findings that I got very, just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver. And in my opinion, infrared is the best way to do that because you don't need a sight line. So, that's one thing we're going to work on. The user interface is critical here because a lot of the things that happen in a remote control happen through the chip that convert the electrical energy into data, which then goes through the infrared. So, the chip that I think Ian is designing is going to be crucial. And really it all comes down to the user because they're the one that's controlling most of the working design. So, the components that we find here are the energy source, the battery or whatever that's going to make it work. Then the chip, which converts the data, the user that's controlling the chip and the infrared bulb that's going to let us move the data to the receiver. So, you have four main components and they are designed sort of like this. You have your energy source right there, which then brings energy or information to the chip, which is also controlled by the user. So, you have energy going to the user who is controlling the chip. That's not what I want to do. Use that thing down that you can go back previous. Sorry about that guys. Oh, no, no, no, no. Okay, let's just get back to my skin out of care. Double click on it with the left hand one. Yeah, I am. I think it's frozen. Don't show me that. There we are. Sorry about this guys. I'm kind of pathetic with things like this. All right. So, you have your energy source, your user interface, who's controlling the chip. The chip also uses the energy and the chip through the use of the user interface is going to control the switch, which will work your infrared bulb, which will then bring the data to the receiver. So, hopefully that makes sense for everyone in my kind of garbled way. This is the parts of the working design that need to be figured out. And personal preferences, besides the fact that I can't spell, we need a long lasting energy source. People don't want to be changing it a lot. We need a chip that works well with the user interface that isn't too complicated. We have straightforward interface like Ian was saying, simple, not overwhelming it with information. And we need a reliable and clear infrared signal so that you're not waving your remote around and having to get frustrated and go do it by hands. That's pretty much it for the working design. Excellent. What else do you think you can give me a hint with this? Yes, absolutely. Ag, can I never tell you where to turn these things? Lefty Lucy, righty tidy, righty? Yeah. Lefty Lucy, righty tidy. Oh, yes. I think about every time. It's not too good for me. Okay. Nothing on my screen. There we go. Oh, Lucy? Yes, fine. Okay, requirements. We have a couple of new requirements that I was just emailed right before the meeting that we have to keep in mind as we're creating this. We didn't bring it up yet or at all in the meetings so far, but we're not going to work with teletext because that's been taken over by the internet. So we're not going to worry about that. It's a pretty interesting. No, would you care to explain it? I suppose it's kind of similar to a very basic reference. You have numbers that you can go. You type in the page number once, so you type 100 and you're like, control, and this kind of index is on the television screen. You just type in some text and you see what you can do. You just type numbers and you can send it to your station. Oh, no. What are your numbers in the sports scores? But if you ever see the TV saying, like, go to page 160 on C-Facts now, that's what they're talking about. Okay. I just want to explain why. I have no idea why we don't have that. Interesting. Okay. Well, we're not going to, the man decided we're not going to work with that. Okay. And we're also going to, like your question earlier, whether this is going to be for television video or et cetera, just for television. That's what we're focused on. Otherwise, it becomes too complex. We want to get this out very quickly. We only have a short amount of time. And finally, this is more marketing, I think. Our corporate image has to be recognizable. So while we're going to make it look pretty, we need to use our color and our slogan in the new design. So what's our corporate image like? It's kind of yellow color. It's kind of a yellow and black, and we have the emphasis on the R's. But it's, yeah, we put the fashion in electronics, so we've got to keep that in. That in mind. Okay. So we want something that looks good. Yep. And it's yellow. Yeah, or maybe some buttons could be yellow. Like we can play around a bit a little bit. Okay, we need to talk about our functions and our target group. We decide who our target group is. You, in your analysis of the marketing, you identified that different groups wanted different things, or had certain preferences. For example, that older people didn't really care for voice recognition, but younger people did. So who are we ending this at? If we're going to say that function fashion, we put the fashion in electronics, then automatically I think sort of younger group, that's who's going to be attracted to this. We have to think who's going to have the money to buy it. It's going to be 25 euro, remember? So it has to be marketable to whoever it is. This is something that's going to be something that's going to be something that's going to be something that's going to be developed in the way that we must. Well, at least right now what we're doing is deciding on just the remote itself. So it will probably be sold separately. 25 euro by itself. The only breakdown that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation. And basically there's a big jump after 35 people don't really care if it has voice. So it's basically 15 to 35, but I think that that's a good idea. I don't know if I'm going to be given any other numbers broken down in terms of age later, but if that's the only quality that we have that is divided into age, then we would want to stick between a 15 to 35 range. That's probably a population of quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway. So that might be a fairly good target group for us. Now, those are that's all specific for speech recognition. Are we going to use that as one of our functions? I would say no, especially if we are marketing. To produce it. I want to get a place that's mentioned in the back of the office. But what else are we going to put? I mean, not that I'm really going to hold about it. I don't know what else you can put in a remote to make it technologically advanced though. So like other than just making it look good, how is it? I mean, it can look really great and still have the same up and down button in the mind that we're going to buy a new remote. But why are we, why are we aiming for a technological advancement? Everything we're talking about is ease of use and simple and that doesn't necessarily mean more technology. I think they could just be blind. They could mean not. If they might be overwhelmed with with remotes that have too many buttons and too much technology, if someone's looking to buy a new remote, don't they want like an upgrade? Well, we can look for, we can look at upgrade or we can look at user friendly. Yeah, simplification. It could have a crapper mode that came with our TV that's just impossible to use. Or maybe it broke or maybe they're just missing it. And we also need to talk about if we're only going to have the very simple ones or also have the other ones just separate somehow. I mean, this might be too complicated, but I wish I had some mind to explain it. Like, if it was just a simple either the swear of the swear that had the mean buttons and then you could pull something out kind of and you got the rest of the button. But the rest of them went in. Do you know what I'm saying? They were going to pull out of sight. Yeah, like some TVs that have a small screen, I'm going to like control the lines of the complicated buttons. But you want to do something complicated, like some of those you know the two that you open up this little hatch. Because then like people who don't want to ever look at them never even have to see them. And if you get the instruction manual that comes with it and you just don't even read it then you'll never even know that those things can pull out. And you're a happy person and everyone else doesn't have to have like two remotes, one that has the easy ones and one that has more complicated ones. That's a good idea. It's all so in one. We have to be careful that that doesn't impede the chip transmitting information. Yeah. But that's going to be mostly a technological thing. Okay, so what are we emphasizing in this project? That's a good idea. Okay, those are very good goals I think that we have to keep in mind with everything we do. Simplicity and fashion and or usability. However you want to say that, which includes an emphasis on making the infrared very functional so that you don't have to travel around a lot. What can you do to make the infrared more functional? Why would it not be? You're so wondering. I think it's a lot to do with battery, but that's just my battery and that I think that the chip takes the data and presents it well without sort of scattering. So it's just the quality of a chip. Yeah, I think so. The quality of all the components really, I mean we can't really do anything. Shall we work? Can it be physical, down the line? So our target group, we're saying 15 to 35? Well, I don't know how useful that number is if we're not doing voice recognition. Yeah. Which I kind of I kind of feel like voice recognition is not necessary in our remote control. Like it might be necessary for a TV, but not for the remote. You know, seems a little bit. Yeah, and it might be too expensive. So if you have all the ideas you're using a remote, then why would you have voice? Like you would need a remote, you would just talk to your TV. Yeah. Oh. Ultimately, I'm not even going to be bothered to talk to the lady. Yeah. Maybe, I mean if I get more numbers, I'll email you before the next meeting in terms of ages. But this doesn't divide up anything. And there was only 100 subjects also. Which isn't, I mean, really it's not representative, especially if it's 100 subjects. And it can subdivide into age groups. That means there's very few in each age group. So I think regardless, we're aiming for the under 65 or something under 65. Okay, that's a good start. I'd say where can we narrow down to maybe teenagers and families? Because that would go up to like 50 professionals or something. I think you go like 55. Yeah. It's hard to narrow down. I don't think you're out right now. I think the father is a bit ill, he's a bit ill, but it's quite a broad range of age. And we said simplicity is one of the features. So it's going to appeal to people. Maybe people who have problems with technology, they're going to be getting better. Okay. Maybe we don't have to define this hard group by the demographic of age. Maybe we could define it by the demographic of how much money they have to spend or something like that. That's a good one. Obviously, that's to be someone who owns the television. And how recently have they bought their television? Like that sort of thing. So maybe it's more useful to just find objectives, like fashion, simplicity, than to find specific target group as far as age. Because yeah, things will appeal to different people. But okay. Oh, there are a couple of functions. Do we want something so that do we want some kind of thing to find it if it's lost? Like a button on the TV, you can press in it or ring or something. I don't know, like, or beep. I guess I before 50% of the frustration someone could have that was the biggest one and half people said that happened. And we all mentioned it before. We knew about it. And if we're talking about making something easy, that sort of goes along with it. So it wouldn't be like a random thing to sort of add in. It would be relevant, like the overall goal. Yeah. That's really good. Okay. We have to, we have about four minutes left to define our functions. So let's do that quickly. So we want something to keep it from getting lost. Yeah. And we want large buttons for the essential things. Yeah, large, accessible buttons for the essentials. We want a possibility to get possibility to get the extra functions. Yeah. Which kind of hit in the way in some way. We're not hidden. They're not as prominent as the main features. Yeah. Hidden way. And we also want it to be fashionable. Which I'm not sure if that's a function so much as a. Yeah. I just thought I wanted to think I'm in coffee table. It's not like an ISO or that kind of thing. Yeah. Okay. Do it any other essential functions that we need? Battery? Do we need a long life battery use? Yeah. I think that goes in with simplicity and ease of use really. But we never have between the batteries. Yeah. We should very be investing in it by the need of actually the tool. I suspect it's something like a tool by the need of actually the battery. I would imagine just because it is an electronic device. I think it does. I don't think of a way you can operate a chip and convert that much data without one. But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone or like a little cradle for your iPod. Yeah. I guess maybe do that instead. So you don't have a rechargeable battery. I don't know. That might contribute to less people losing it too. It stays one place. We have to think about space in the rooms too. Would you put it on top of the TV? I don't know. Just think, okay, that's a good idea. We'll keep it. Yeah. Let's just off the top of the head. I'm going to be fine. Okay. Okay. We're going to conclude now as everyone said, their functions. Okay. After the meeting, we're going to each complete questionnaire in the summer's summary. I don't know what it's summarization. And then we'll have our launch break. After that, we have 30 minutes of individual work. I'll make sure to put the minutes in the project documentation and including this PowerPoint slides. If everyone could do that as well, that'd be great. You each have individual actions. I, ID, industrial design. If you're a components concept, user interface, the user interface concept, market trend watching. And as, as per last time, you'll get specific and credit instructions from your personal coach emailed to you. And hopefully, I hope next time you'll be able to access more of the website that they, they seem to tell you that you could. Yeah. Kind of frustrating, but you should note any frustrations or any issues that come up in your, in your, um, summary. Okay. Okay. That sounds good. Great to know. Did you, um, were you able to, like, put yours in the group folder? Yes. I just did that. Hopefully it is there for people. Yeah. Yeah. Looks like there, um, looks like there's a second one kind of of mine. Yeah. That I didn't do. It's from like an earlier project, I think. So. Okay. Where is that? Under the shared folder. I don't know. It might not even be under your. So in there, we have technical functions, presentation, working design, presentation, and the functional requirements. At least that's right. I have three. I just have like R three. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I have as well. You don't have mine. No, but that's because I think yours is in the email separately. Like it's not on the server. Yeah. Yeah. But if I open it and then save it, probably will be there. I'll wait and I'll remind you can't save. Okay. Well, I'll figure that out in the meantime. Okay. Okay. Okay.