 Okay, good morning everybody. I'm glad you could all come. I'm really excited to start this team. I'm just going to have a little PowerPoint presentation for us for kick off meeting. My name is Rose Lundgren, I'll be the project manager. Our agenda today is we're going to do a little opening and then I'm going to talk a little bit about the project. Then we'll move into acquaintance, just getting to know each other a little bit, including a tool training exercise. I know we'll move into the project plan, do a little discussion and close since we only have 25 minutes. First of all, our project aim, we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about. It needs to be original, trendy and user friendly. I'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those. So we're going to divide this up into three parts. The functional design, which will be, first we'll do an individual work, come into a meeting, the conceptual design, individual work in a meeting, and then the detailed design, individual work and a meeting. So they will each be doing our own ideas when coming together and collaborating. Okay, we're going to get to know each other a little bit. So what we're going to do is start off with, let's start off with Amina. Alima, sorry, Alima. We're going to do a little tool training. So we're going to work with that white board behind you. Introduce yourself, say one thing about yourself and then draw your favorite animal and tell us about it. Okay. I don't know which one of those I have to bring with me. Probably both. Right, so I'm supposed to draw my favorite animal. I have no drawing skills whatsoever, but let's see, introduce myself. My name is Alima, which is in Tini. I'm from the state of Maine in the US. I'm doing Nationalism Studies. Blah blah blah. I'm a have no artistic talent. How do you spell your name? A-L-I-M-A. Thanks. Oh, and I guess I'm the industrial designer on this project. Let's see if I can get here. I will draw a little turtle for you all. It's not necessarily because it's my absolute favorite animal, but just that I think there's a draw of all. You have the pretty little shell going on. There you go. It's a turtle. Hey. So what are your favorite characteristics? I like the whole having a shell thing. It's quite cool. Carry your home around where you go. Quite decorative little animals. They can swim. They're very adaptable. They carry everything they need with them. And they're easy to draw. Excellent. So we just go around the table. I go for an MZ. These are the instruments for the project. I'm trying to warm up that now. I should leave that one on that. No, you can erase the turtle itself. Might be nice to have them all up there at the same time. I'm not going to draw it quite this time. Shall we do it? Here's our solution, which I derivative on. Isn't it weird? Do it the way you... Oh my God. Come on now. I'm impressed. Oh my god, that is an amenade. Yeah, the reason I like my house is because what most people do are quite intelligent. And I said, that kind of mistakes. We don't really know much about them. And I understand how they work. I don't know if they're doing good. It's my name, that's my name. I'm Jeffy. I'm from around DC, I just sort of in the US. And we're going to keep the deep sea sort of theme going on. Are they animals? Don't really know how to draw this. I'm just going to move on. I'm going to move on. I'm going to move on. I'm going to move on. I'm going to move on. I'm just going to move on. Don't really know how to draw this. I'm just going to move on. Mm-hmm. Yeah. We could do the water and help. Sort of give an idea. I have no idea how one would explain this. Hmm. I'm going to use some whiskers. Basically, it's opposed to being a seal. You can imagine in the water. I like them because they're like playful and silly sort of have a good time. I'm not gonna try them for time like it can get me better than that. Okay, I'm Rose and I'm project manager from California. It's definitely a little harder once you're doing it. It's actually a coyote. Let's see. Give it a little bit of a snout. I don't know, some teeth. Yeah, that's pretty impressive. Oh dear. I live right across the street from an open space in California. We have coyotes all the time. So I really enjoy their singing and their really beautiful animals. Okay, moving on to slightly more serious stuff. I'm gonna talk about project finances. We have a couple. We'd like to sell it for about 25 euro with a profit aim of 50 million euro for all our sales. And because this is such, this is for television, it's a, we have a market range of internet. Like it's an international market range. We don't have to worry about specifics. In order to make a profit of this magnitude, we need to be able to produce each one at a maximum of 12, 50 euro. So we're selling it for twice what we'd like to produce it for. Okay. Just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project. I'd like to hear about your experiences using remote controls. Your first ideas about creating a new remote control. What would be the best that you, what are the features that you really like? What are the features that you don't like, etc. I hate when there's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the TV. Like you have to do one foot power of the TV and then like another one to get the actual screen on and and nothing else to get it all going. I don't know. Now they keep combining all different remote together. And I don't know if I necessarily like that because I feel like you end up like multi-media overload. I just want to watch the TV. I always get fast. I'm sort of like devised to help you find it. I do use the microphone because it's like TV and the CD player and it's a different kind. I guess that would be a little bit too. We don't have to get up and move across the TV. Especially if you're someone really lazy like me. I find that they can be annoying especially a watch TV. I have a tablet that's comfortable to have a one-pillety TV, one-pillety TV about this. One-pillety TV on the phone. And also I like that. I think that they've been using that for too many buttons on them. It's just sort of complicated. It's when all I really want to do is switch on and off. Change the channel, change the volume. Yeah. I agree with having too many remote surround. My dad has a whole drawer at home of remote sort of various things. I don't know how to work half of them. What's important for me I guess is that it's easy to use and that there's not too many buttons. They're not too small. I need to know what you're doing. And one thing I particularly like is if you're not sort of moving it around to get it to work with the infrared. I think there's a way around that. So in my residence right now the television you have to walk all around the room to turn on. So it's just simpler just to turn around the TV itself. And I think that if you're going to make a remote control it should actually work for what it's doing. About batteries and things like that. Are there some remote that don't require batteries or do well remote require batteries? I would imagine all of them but we could, but it's also we could use like a lithium battery. That would last a lot longer than like double A's. Like those are the batteries that are used in a lot of MP3 players now. That kind of thing. Okay it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over combining all the remote together which is having five different remote. So like you said you don't like having all the buttons on one remote and yet you don't want to have five remote. So how do we work with that? Could we get something that just has, you know, doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder or programs, or other things that I'm not very coherent about. But that just has your major buttons for that work for everything. You know volume control on off, channel changing. And maybe that spatially divides it. So it's like if you're looking, if you're trying to get the TV on, that's, you know, like the top thing on their remote. I don't know if it would be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're going to make it. But if it's like all the TV surface here, then all the DCR surface here, all the, whatever else you have programmed into it. So I'll just, in its separate place and that, like all the on buttons together. Because then you're like, I don't even know what I'm turning on. Yeah. And if, if you'd save the more complicated functions, maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day. Okay. So maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on off, channel changing volume, and another remote remote with all the special things. Because that is one thing that, um, remotes tend to have buttons that the TVs no longer have as well. So like you have to have them somewhere because you're going to need those special functions occasionally. But not necessarily on the normal. Yeah, it's going to be, you know, like control, the television. Good question. I think this device is just to be used for the television. Would we even technically be possible to get a microphone? I don't know that yet. Just the, just the, just the television, television, television, television. It's a good question. I'll look into it. I think it's just TV. I mean, if it, if we're taking it, just write it sad. New product, a new television remote control. It's not like, you know, you know, it might be more advanced than that. So we should, we should be seeing that it's just the television that they want to be. Well, I suppose it would be nice to have, like, in the corner, stuff like that. And, you know, the TV, the TV, the TV, the TV, the TV, the TV. I don't know, I'm like, setting it up to create it. So I guess we have to define what, what we're aiming for. If it's just a television, then that, it's a bit simpler. So if you have less buttons that would even need to be on it. Yeah. It's an idea that the buttons being available and large. Yeah. If you have older people or people like me that aren't very coordinated, hand-eye, it's really quite important that you're not pressing a small, a teeny mobile phone-sized buttons if we can help it. Okay. Okay. Sounds like we've had a good little discussion for our first ideas. Might if we move on. Okay. Now, our next meeting starts in 30 minutes. I believe we've actually been only working on this one for about 20. So we can continue discussing more new ideas, if you'd like. But this is just a breakdown of what we'll be doing individually. The Industrial Design, Alima. We'll be doing the working design. We'll be using our interface designer, that's for you. So technical functions, I guess, like keeping in mind the buttons, the size of the buttons, user requirements. So you'll be hearing about different trends, about different things that people need. I guess kind of the same discussion that we've been having. We'll get from actual consumers. Okay. And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach. And we've just passed when we didn't have much, we just wanted to get a little brainstorming done. So, very excited to see all your animals and how wonderful artists we all are. Any questions? I haven't gotten an agenda yet. I'll put that together. I'm sure as we'll each get our own instructions. Because what we're going to do is first our individual actions, and then we'll come back together. Sure, we'll have more concrete things to contribute next time. I'm sure we'll be busy. Okay. I'll type up the minutes and probably email those out to all of you, including all the things that we talked about. Yes, I think I can. I'll just attach it to an email. And your number two, I'm two, three, four, is that correct? All right. It's lovely meeting you all. Just make sure to keep checking the company website and the emails. And we'll see if I can do that right now.