 Okay, we're all set. Right, well this is the final detail design meeting. We're going to discuss the look and fill design, the easier interface design, and we're going to evaluate the product. And the end result of this meeting has to be a decision on the details of the remote control, like, absolute final decision. And then I'm going to have to specify the final design in the final report. So just from last time to recap, we're going to have a snooman shaped remote control with no LCD display, no need for torque back. It was hopefully going to be kinetic power and battery with rubber buttons, maybe backlighting the buttons with some internal LEDs to shine through the casing, hopefully a job dial and incorporating the slogan somewhere as well. Anything I missed? Okay, so if you want to present your approach to type, go ahead. That's it, Ninja Homo made in Japan. There are future engines made, well look at the expansion, it's going to be quite a lot expensive to have open up now what's the buttons and stuff inside. So instead of this is going to be an LCD screen, just a very, very basic one, very small, with access to the menu through the scroll wheel and confirm button. Okay, parking light is pretty much the same for the last time. And there isn't, it doesn't open up to the advanced functions. So the advanced functions are still hidden from you, but they're hidden in this internet, they're not in use. Where are they? They're in the LCD panel in the junk dial. Ah, right. Okay, so what kind of thing is going to be? The LCD panel just displays functionally what you're doing. If you're using an advanced function, right? Like brightness, contrast, whatever. It would just say, you know, it's like, it only has four columns, it's a very simple LCD, like, or as many, the minimum amount we need that the usual automatically know, this is brightness, or this is contrast. It might even be one a bit more complex LCD panel, with pictures like maybe the sun, or, you know, the symbols of the virus. All right, okay. And what is this here? That's a number pad. Okay, so the number pad is... Where are we going to have this slogan? Just like, or along the side. Yeah. Okay, cool. You have this space here, and then you have this thing on the side as well. Or at the bottom. The slogans are usually quite small, right? They're not, like, huge. So, there's... Say a bunch about... Say a bunch about this size, right? So you would still have plenty of space for a slogan? So if this isn't to scale, what kind of dimensions are you thinking about here? Well, I want the buttons to be big enough to push easily with the fingers. So we're reckon that would be about the same size as the pamiarant. Yeah, so that would be about a centimeter for a button. So 1, 2, 3, 4 centimeters plus maybe half. Look, 5, 9 and total. 6, 7, 8. But yeah, 9, so that sounds good. 10 centimeters. That would be good. So 10 centimeters in height, okay. That would be good. In fact, a pen is about 10 centimeters usually. So that would be... That sounds like a really good sign. You see it there. That's great, and it's very bright as well. So... Is it possible... I'm just going to bring the idea of colors. Are these the colors that have production? Is this just what we had available? We're going to have again the foggy yellow and last name that's up when you... ...repeat the button, right? Okay, so you could just list all the things that it does. So I can write them in the report. It's fun. Because it's red, it's very... ...we're going to use it as... ...it's going to be the power button if you hold it for maybe two seconds. I'll send it on by signal. Apart from that, it's going to be used as a confirm button for the LCD screen. Okay. And you use this as a joke though. Okay, so that's like an okay button. Oh, we've discussed how high it is, but how wide is it? Okay. How high is it? No, as in the height. But what about the width? So the depth of the actual width. About three and a half. Oh, is this to get an idea of scale from your... ...sharing thing there? So you can par on and off what else can you do? You can skip straight to the channel using these buttons. We're open to having the volume control here. So we've got the LCD in the job there. We'll just start with the volume. Okay, job there for volume. And what else do you do with the job there? You can use it for more advanced functions like contrast color and... ...contrast, brightness. Yeah. Anything else? It's whatever else we wanted to include as the advanced functions. But then I still got to impress by the... Well, as the designers, what are they? What can I TV do? Okay, things like brightness contrast. TV tuning the channels. Okay, channel tuning. What else? The various inputs. So you have a VCR, you have a knowledge input you have. Okay, excellent. Probably color sharpness. Yeah, color sharpness. A lot of these things will have to be free and open for users to define them. Okay, what about sign settings? Can you change any of those at all? Audio. You have your basic mid-range, your high-range. You have the bounce. Yep. Left-right bounce. Maybe even pre-programmed sound modes. Okay. The user could determine a series of sound modes. Then one could happen with the... ...when you click on that and go to that setting. Okay. Is there anything else that a public can do? That's fine, you just need to know so I can write it down. Okay. Right? I guess that's it. So we can now have a little look at the Excel sheet and price this thing and see if we need to... ...if we need to rethink anything at all. So for this first part here, par wise, have we got... Battery. ...battery. Do we have kinetic as well? No. No. Okay. Just battery. We need... That's because of call stress. Yes, yes. Okay. What about the electronics here? The bounce chip? Yes. Let me just confirm that. Yes, I think so. Okay. The case. What does it mean by single and double, do you know? I think single is a piece of one... ...or double, where it doubles this sort of thing. So we want double cars. Yes. Okay. Plastic. Is there any rubber at all in the buttons? I'm just going to have to skip the rubber. Okay. And we want to special colors, don't we? So I have to pop that. Oh no wait, how many colors have we got there? For the case itself, one color. It's one special color. It's just one color, okay? Because the case unit itself, the rest of it, come on. Okay. So interface wise, is it this third option we have? Yes. The two of them there. One. And the LC this way. Okay. And then buttons. I mean... We have two colors. We have two colors. We've got push buttons as well. Like, oh wait, so push button and integrated school. Okay. We've got one button for this thing. Because it's just one big sheet of rubber. Uh-huh. Not sure if but current. Okay. Let's just be safe and put, like say, four buttons for that one. Okay. Okay. And maybe a special color for the months, or maybe four again. Four? So why are we arriving at the number four? What is the number four come from? Because that's one button but it's the complexity of 12 buttons. Okay. Right. So we're only just estimating that, yeah, we'll be less. Okay. But these, are we wanting them and... No. No. They're just, is everything going to be plastic? Okay. So we're all quite far over. We're going to have to go. We're at 16 point eight. And... How? How are we going to achieve this high end product? Well, something has to go to the tune of 2.3 Euro. So let me see. What do we... 4.3? 4.3. Oh, yes. Sorry. 4.3. Oh, we could take it once but we can get a single curve just in those bits. Yeah. Much with that save. How much of that save? No, we save you one. So the thing could be that you could take away the LCD panel and advance trip together. Because when you do something on the TV, the TV responds and reacts as well. So the music, you look at the TV and pushing this thing so that we may not need to... So when we scroll, we need to get the TV to respond. Okay. So I think it's a technically doable thing. So what's our review suggestion and take away the LCD display? And the advance trip goes away as well. To be replaced with a regular chip. Regular chip. Okay. So what that means is that... And so we've got .3 to get rid of. And where are the four push buttons or where exactly none? The 12 buttons that you see there. 12 buttons. That's one piece of rubber, but it's going to have 12 buttons. And then you have to functionally intercept. So four is a good estimate for... Do you think? Yeah. You can't actually cut. It's like three times the number of buttons. It's 4, 8, 12. Is that one big button or is it 12 buttons? How can it be something in between? It needs to be more than one big button. Because if you open up your phone and then there's actually one button underneath, it's just that the panel itself is a single panel. Okay. So you have .3 to get rid of somewhere. Just reported. It has to be over budget. Or the colors. No, take away the colors for the buttons. Yeah, we could just go ahead. Normal color buttons. Well, do you want color differentiation here? No, that's not the button with our buttons. Oh, sorry, I didn't. The buttons only refer to the pads. Right. So... Take that off. Aww. It's back to the original. So then these just become normal color buttons. So that might be somebody are cutting the cost. Okay. Off that tissue. Um... Right. So take away that completely. Aww. And now we're under budget. So we do have .5 euro to play with if we wanted. How about with embossing the logo? Isn't that going to cost us some money? Doesn't say so. How can that bring you into our special form for the buttons? Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Just one. Does that mean that one button has a special form? I think one button. Yeah. Okay. Well, there we go. So I'm just going to have to redraw this nice. We're not going to have the LCD anymore. We're just going to have an on the TV. We'll show you what you're doing. I don't think it's fair enough. And so this is going to be one big thing. Um... Was the goal in your prototype design that it'd be as low profile as possible? I mean, by profile. Sort of flat as possible. Yeah, but you're being quite deep. Yeah. Deep enough to become a bit there holding your hand. Yeah, I was being white and black. We didn't have enough play to make it. Okay, just one more dimension to the thing which we need to add. You might want to add a length width and height. Right. Okay. So just to be thorough, then. Width wise, we're looking at about what three centimeters or something. Yeah. Okay. And then so height wise. How tall do you envisage being? About that height. About two centimeters. Okay. Two is not very high at all though. This is high up. This is about two. Slightly more than two. Yeah, I'm by that thick. Okay. Maybe you'll put two to three. Okay. Okay, we'll say 2.5. Okay. So we have it within course anyway. So yeah, project evaluation is this point. Um... Right. Okay. So can we close that? This is what it's the final spec that's going to be. So I'm just going to have to... Yeah, that's fine. It's probably just... I don't know if it's worth getting into. But just in that we want this to be stylish, should we think a little bit more out of the box in terms of a button grid? Because I've seen there's lots of devices out there that... Instead of taking your standard nine square grid, and they have it sort of stylized or in a different concept. I think that's something that's very hard to catch. Yeah. So you restrict them and the look people want to try something. Sure. Okay. The look and the color is something which is cool. Yeah. I think that there's also that factor of... If it's too unfamiliar. Okay. Yeah, sure. Because when you put on the shape, square buttons. Yeah, a bunch shape might be a good idea to change. Okay. And then other than positioning. Because I think positioning is... Sure. We're kind of ingrained into the telephone kind of. Okay. And... Right? So at this point, we... We see... Discuss how satisfied we all are with these four points with the ring for creativity and the project and leadership and teamwork and... The stuff we had around us. I guess I guess. Um... Do you want me to... Do you want me to do my design evaluation last? Now we're really sure what that was. The evaluation first. Yeah. The evaluation. You go for that first. I wasn't tired of you to share what he was with Sweet Jane, but you go for it. Um... Alright, so the way this works, I'm going to need to plug into PowerPoint. Okay. I'll try and do this as quick as possible. Thank you. Um... I'll just go over your head if that's okay. I don't think you need the power. So... Was that? Yeah, it's okay. I don't need the PowerPoint. No, the PowerPoint. I'm going to need the PowerPoint itself. Oh, of course. Yeah. So I'm going to need a bit more freedom. A bit more. Okay. I'm going to need you to get this. What this is is a sub for us to use kind of like a... The idea is that I've set up, I've reviewed all of the points of discussion from the beginning and used that as a criteria of evaluation for the... um... for the current design for the plan. And so we can review that. I think it's going to end up being elementary because... I'm not going to probably use it to change anything, but... I think it's going to end up... Okay, great. And I'm going to write up our results on the board. So this will be a way for us to go through and decide if we're... to review where we stand at it. Okay. So... um... So sort of bringing together two things, sort of design goals, and also the market research that we had. When we write this one is high in succeeding or fitting to our original aim in seven is low. Okay. So these are the... and then we've been asked to collectively write this so we can do is trying to just work on a consensus system. So we just come to an agreement. Okay. So the first one, the stylish looking feel. I write that pretty highly. Yeah, and we compared to most of it controls you see, that's pretty good. I don't know, like, six or something. Yeah. What was anybody else's? Yeah, my only reservation was that we basically went with yellow because it's a company's color. And I don't know if yellow is going to really be a hit. But... Okay. You can apply that. What do you guys think? I would say five or six. Okay. Yeah. Non-time, man. Okay, let's go. Five or... Okay. Oh, it's one to seven. Oh, yes. Sorry, then. Then I would say two or three. Three. Okay. Wait, what's the scale? One to seven. One's five. One is high. Ah. I guess, yeah, two or three. Okay. Okay. Two, five, then. Okay. Control. High-tech innovation. Well, possibly we jogged out of that. So we had to remove a few of our features we wanted, but jogged out. I'd say it's more... Three or four maybe. Yeah, but going towards a little bit higher than... Yeah, that's right. Okay. Okay. Um... Star reflects a fruit-inspired colored line. I mean, it's a color, but this... Okay, the blue colors and don't actually represent the color, except for the red one. They give us for one of a... But the yellow, I mean, it could be a yellow color. Yeah, the yellow is more representative of the color, but the button itself, the blue, can be anything else. Okay, so two. Okay. And design is simple to use, simple in features. Yeah, and it's really basic, but I think it is that I'd give that nearly a one. You guys think? Yeah, one? Yeah, one. That's fine. Um... Soft and spongy. We achieve that. We've used mostly plastic in the end. It's going to be quite... Yeah, it's like a bit of a compromise for price. Five? Five? That's really low. Well, that's used as plastic. Yeah, it's both. Okay. Um... Yeah. Could we use an entirely rubber frame to... Is that an option? I mean, I probably could use a rubber. It could be a cost-positive or an plastic, I'm quite... 10 cents left. Logo, we've got it in there, haven't we? Yeah. Gonna have that in the side, I don't know what that is. And, um... Is it within budget? Yeah. It is, isn't it? Yeah. Okay, so we can say then... Out of a possible... Or... What do you... How do 49? Yeah, 49 with... With zero being the highest. Yeah. 18, 17, 17, 17, 15.5. Pretty good. Translate to something like... About approximately 72% efficacy of our original goal. Right? Uh... I think, because if you turn that into... A hundred would be about... Twice that? About 31. About 31. And then invert that. So, yeah, well, you have a 69, 17, 17. Oh, right, about 7. It's pretty good. Okay. That was just a little formality for us to go through. Okay. Well, 100 pound pen. Sorry. All right. Newbie, so let's... I wanna stay. The cameras did. Is that your... Yeah, that's me. I did have one other frame I thought... I mean, I... Not knowing how we would deal with this information. I thought, okay. In theory, this kind of process would be... But refining our design, revisiting our original goals. It's not something I need to push through. But I thought, should we think more about the dimensions? Sort of like more of a three-dimensional shapes, as well as... ...postages just that... ...slap. Could our design involve a series of colors? That it's more of like a line where we have like sort of... ...the... ...pervis line or the vibrant, I don't know, something like that. Whatever. Just some theme and then we have different tones, line, green, lemon. Okay. It's just discussion. I mean, obviously, we need to bend and this is fine. Just thinking about what we originally set up to do. Right. Yep. Okay. Great. Are you submitting the... ...the evaluation criteria? What am I? I don't know what your instructions are being made. I think they've recorded it. And I haven't been asked to submit it yet. Okay. I'm just wondering if I need to include it in the minutes, because if you're submitting it anyway... I will, yeah. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you. Right. Well, next up then, because we've done finance, is the project evaluation? Yeah, I'm just trying to incorporate the logo into the... Oh, anything. I think so. I'm playing with the Play-Doh as well. Just in case you're wondering. No. You still playing with the Play-Doh. Just thought, right. I can't even get you a logo. I think. That's how it is. Right. Okay. Well, do you want to just individually say what you think about... ...about these four points and not those four points, my four points. So, you know what I'm saying? You got a different... I like those printer cables that just have the two little butterfly clips. Yeah, I get a little bit... Right, A.K. Yeah, here we are. I don't know what we'll do this alphabetically. And to the start. Sure. So, what is it you're asking of me now? I don't know. You're opinion on those four points really, and how are we... Sort of our work on setting this up. Yeah. Well, okay. I'll just go through your system. The room... ...is... ...perstand institutional. But the main thing is, I think... ...our use of this space is more just to report on things as opposed to be creative and constructive... ...and it would probably help to... ...have sort of a cumulative effect of... ...we have ideas and we come back and then the ideas are still in discussion. You know, as in other words, this room is sort of a center point of creativity. Whereas in reality as we've gone through this, it's not really a center point of creativity. It's more just a... Do you feel though that you were able to have quite a lot of creative input into this? Yeah, yeah, but that's just the thing is the question in terms of the first point there, the room... ...the fields of the creativity goes on and we leave and then we come here and then we kind of... ...put out our ideas and then... I don't think it means the room as in this room. I think it means like, you know... Oh, right, right, oh, right, okay. Yeah. All right, I just looked up and thought, okay, wait for the digital pens, the room. No, of course, yeah. Well, I do know. I think it means... I think it means did you think you were able to give creative input? Yeah, okay, yeah, answering the question in those terms. I'd say that actually there's sort of a tease of creativity because we're asked to work through this, but actually the guidelines are fairly contrived in terms of... Okay, fashion trends, a fruit and vegetable color scheme, but then we're told that we use the company colors. So what do we do? We're told that I think in terms of style and looking for you and technology, but build something for 12 and a half pounds. Okay. So actually the creativity was more of like a... ...sort of a formality than... I feel like caged within... Yeah, whatever... ...it's like a balloon in a cage, you know, you go so big if not hit the side. The constraints do come in there. Yeah, actually let's take each point and everybody discuss that, I think. Yeah, so still on the topic of room for creativity. Next up is Crate. I agree with his point. It's quite a lot of fun to go through and then you have to start at the end and go right, go out and play out because we don't have enough money. Yeah. Yeah. Another point is that the meetings are more brainstorming sessions than meetings. So time is also a very strong factor in structure. Because for brainstorming meeting, you want a structure that allows you to... ...allows ideas to get tossed, to be evaluated, and to be reviewed, and to get feedback and come back. And I guess that point about the room not being very friendly to that. I think that's a very big thing and I think the fact that we're wearing these things... ...restricts. I feel it because I wear my glasses right and that... ...but that irritates me, right? It does actually, you know, affect how... ...whether you feel comfortable to communicate, I feel like I'm hiding behind the equipment. Rather than the equipment is helping me. So you think I'm wearing a relaxed atmosphere? It would be more kind of... Not so much an atmosphere. An atmosphere is very relaxed, but the atmosphere... ...it creates boundaries to that. And the time given also restricts. Okay. For you. What about leadership? I didn't know if I was like... ...if I did a good job or something, I don't really know. I mean, my sense on that is sort of what kind of guidance and direction and courage. So I'm like your personal coach, personal stuff like that. Yeah, from in you as well. So I can... ...team later. Okay. Yeah, I think it's... I think it's good. I mean, my personal views on... ...all leadership is that... ...effective leadership sort of... ...gives people a certain room for freedom and delegation... ...but then come back to something that they take great ownership and... ...innovative thought with. In reality, I think here the... ...the different elements of leadership, such as the original briefing... ...and then the personal coach and then having you with the meeting agenda... ...is actually quite a... ...quite a confining framework to work with in. And so it is leadership, both at the point of... ...dissimpowering the... ...the team member. Okay. But it's not bad leadership, it's just sort of fairly strong. It turns the individual into more of like a... ...pre-determined mechanism as opposed to... So you think maybe I'm too controlling? Or... Yeah. I think controlling is not the right word. The interactions are very structured. I think structures, probably what you're saying, that... ...each individual is structured to one particular task. And one, rather than controlling, I don't mean it's a sense of control... ...because decisions have been made in terms of... ...like consensus, right? We go around and we think about it. But that, you know, process actually says you have to do it in a certain way. Okay. It doesn't tell you, you know, sometimes you might want to be a bit more... ...creative in terms of the process. Yeah, not that. Okay. What about teamwork? Did you want to come up with that? That was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting. If we could just go up to some of the other side of the meeting, I've got to talk to them. I would have been out a lot easier. Okay. I think you tried to use the common share folder to communicate. But it just comes back to us so slow in the email. Yeah. It doesn't have a, you know, a messenger. Did you guys get the email I sent you? Yeah. That's why I was wondering if that got there. Okay. So to summarize the teamwork issue, saying that if we could communicate outside the meeting, you know, just like quick questions, quick thoughts, whatever, it probably would be... I think the tools that they were given, the tools that they were given to us are fancy, but they don't support collaboration. I think that's the word. They don't support the team working together. Yeah. I mean, they're still very individual tools. Yeah. I mean, sort of taking upon that idea, the way I see this is that it's the structure in which we've approached this whole task, is quite contrary to the principle of teamwork, because the tasks were sort of divided, and then the work went on in isolation. I don't know what you guys did while you were together. Maybe that was a bit different. But... They don't find it. Yeah. But actually, if you imagine not entirely completely same tasks given to us, but us said, okay, first thing we have to do is come up with, let's say, a design concept, and we sit here together and do it. Yeah. Well, that's what teamwork is, to say, okay, go off and don't talk to each other. Yeah. It actually sort of predisposes you to quite the contrary of teamwork. Okay. Not that we haven't done, I think, the best we could have done. Okay. And then we have to satisfy with it. Right. Anything else to say on teamwork at all? No. Okay. What about the, you know, how we used the whiteboard, the digital pens, the projector, stuff like that? Did anybody think anything was like really useful? Anything was pretty unsupported? I think the whiteboard, for me, is the kind of thing I would use all the time. But it's not quite as useful to us as it could have been, maybe just in the way that we use it in the sense that once we have an idea out there, or while work was going on in between meetings, that could have been up on a board, you know, the post to, in, like, in text. And then we could then keep our ideas sort of building on that. I know that people who design cars and, you know, an aviation, they quite often just have a simple, like, fiberglass prototype. And it's completely, you know, abstract from the final product, but they use it as a kind of a context to sort of walk around and puzzle and point that point and discuss. And in a way, everybody's, as we discussed things in the, theoretically, and out of our notebooks, we're just, we're actually just, each of us discussing something in each of our own minds. It wasn't until we had this here, you know, like at one point, I peeked across and looked at Craig's paper, and I'm like, now I know what he's thinking, because I saw his book. But the board whiteboard could have actually been this kind of continuing. So do you think producing a prototype earlier in the process would have been a good idea? I think the focus of it a lot was the PowerPoint as opposed to the whiteboard. And I think that that is also does kind of things. I think it would be cooler to have the whiteboard rather than the PowerPoint, or maybe the whiteboard and the PowerPoint in the same place. Yeah, because the PowerPoint was provided to us while we had time to prepare, whereas I can imagine if I had been encouraged to use paintbrush, for example, or whatever, I would have actually used it. Just because that's sort of how we, what we were set up to, to you, we had that time. Thank you. I think there are too many PowerPoints and emellings. The plugin and the plugins, when we spell off time doing that, and a lot of information on the PowerPoints, I don't think you need it to actually, we could have gone through them very verbally, especially in my slides, I felt that. Okay. As opposed to having to present them. What about the digital pens? Did you find them easy enough to use? I'm not sure. Yeah, clunky. Agreed. Thank you. Okay. Having to take it before you go off was a bit hindering as well, because you have to go through a thought and then you run out of paper and then you have to jump. I know, I think at the very start of today, I, like, who did a stuff? Didn't click note on one, then went back and wrote one tiny thing on the another page, but then they clicked note. So I'm quite worried that I've just written over the top of it or something, but they'll have my paper anyway. But I think the pen is very intuitive. Everybody knows how to use it. You don't even have to worry. Yeah. I think the pen is good. It's about the best thing. On the topic of the technology, it just occurred to me that we actually didn't need to move our computers, because each computer has all of the files. Yeah. It just occurred to me that they have one computer. They only actually needed one computer. If there had been a theft, they could have just been sitting there ready to go to home. And the computer may not be conducive to a meeting, because you tend to look at your computer and want to have the urge to check something. Yeah. It's useful, but... Do you think the computers just provide distraction in the meeting? I think too many computers are just distracting. Okay. And I like to have things written down in front of me, actually. Like, a lot of the stuff that was emailed to me, I ended up writing down there or something, so I could look at it really quickly and not have the distraction of all of that. I don't know why I don't have anything else. What else? I'm not really sure what they're looking for in the same new ideas find. I don't know, as you could think of that, anything else that would have been helpful today. At all. Well, the main one for me is that the process and a natural context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves. Yeah, if we just... That's kind of a new idea for me, is like just sort of the idea while you're kind of hard to keep working forward on a team-based project. When you're told you must now work away from each other. Yeah. I don't know. I think it was quite good that we had time limits on the meetings because they really could have run on. And my experience at meetings says that they really do. And you can spend a lot of time talking about... The only thing is, when we had our meeting about the conceptual design, I thought there maybe another 15 minutes would have been useful there. I think maybe if we all have been working in the one room and they just said, you know, like every hour or something, everybody make sure you just have a short meeting and then just... You just have something written down, just like a milestone if you like. And my mother's in having meetings, but there you go. So, it's so confusing. I haven't got my five minutes to go. Oh, there it is. Five minutes to go. Wonderful. Okay, are the courses in the budget? Yes, they are. And is the project evaluated? Yes, it is. It's a nice, elaborate. So we have Ninja, or not? Well, apparently not. I write the final report. What are you guys doing, though? I don't know. Oh, wow. That is lovely. Yeah, I said Ninja Homer. What did you call it? Ninja Homer. See, it looks like Homer Simpson. So is that just... Is that the stilago, or is it doing a thing? Yeah, it's just the logo. Just the logo and then like Ninja Homer, right? Okay. The red is supposed to represent whatever else you want to print on the side of it. It's crashing technology or something. You can wear a Homer. You can throw Homer when you're frustrated. No. That's cool. I'm slightly gutted that we couldn't get plastic and rubber. I think that would have been nice. Yeah. Oh, well. Maybe for now I'm real reaction. Should give us more money. Oh, I did learn something. Play-doh is useful. No, it is. It is useful in conceptualizing in being creative. It's like you say it's something you can put your hands on and feel and touch. Yeah. You get a sense where we were playing with the play-doh and the ideas came with the play-doh rather than with everything else. You might want to write that down. Yeah. I'm just feeling with the play-doh. Yeah. Play-doh. So I've got a few little smells. Yeah, it smells funny, doesn't it? The play-dohs are actually edible, aren't they? Yeah, like stuff. I think it has to be a... It's just wheat. It's the stuff that your mom could make with preserveism. So what are your summarizing words about play-doh? It's helpful to the creative process. It engages all your senses, not just your sight, but your sense of feel, your sense of touch. It helps you to understand. I mention as well. I think that's very helpful because it's such to pop up whereas on a piece of paper on a computer on a board. Even with a treaty graphic thing, it still requires a lot of... Yeah, tangible. That's a nice word. It becomes tangible. Tangible. Okay. I don't know if there's anything else. Nope. Maybe to discuss. That's about it, really. Just sit still, I guess. Do we retreat to our... I think we could probably do it here. What do you know about that? I'm sure that the thing will pop up any minute now. Can you turn off the microphones? Yeah, the meeting's over. And my microphone has no signal. I think it's going to be a little bit more difficult to do. I think it's going to be a little bit more difficult to do. I think it's going to be a little bit more difficult to do. And my microphone has no signal. Which would explain why you don't get any signal. My love either. My love, yeah. Quite because of the power, though. I think the time has to run out first to get any more instructions. Yeah. Doesn't it? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's pretty cool, I can see the... I can see my own voice. On the... You really watch? You You You You You