 Lent размерatioge ...at least, if you sign off of the page, shall I just kind of press the box? ...see what happens? ...and yeah... ...I don't know, hold on. ...right. ...ok. ...ok. ...ok. ...right. ...conceptual design we take. ...ok. ...ok, so... ...right, well, from the last meeting, I was trying to send you the minutes, but it didn't work out too well. ...so, maybe in sort of a quick summary of the last meeting, I can quickly give you... ...what we had. ...right, so... ...right, so we had the fact that we're going to have the logo, the company logo in its color scheme... ...corporated onto the device, that I want device. We had made our decisions about... ...made our decisions about... ...the device itself that was going to be simple to make it... ...nobody else, complete the project in time. We're going to have, effectively, two pages, a front page, which had the features that the customers most wanted. ...and then the backup features on the second page, so that it could... ...meet the technical requirements, and the customers wouldn't have to look at them too often, only as and when required. ...so... ...so basically what decisions have we made? ...have there been any changes? ...I think we all have a presentation again, so we'll go through those. ...three presentations, yeah. ...so... ...so we'll go through this. ... yep, fine. ...I see you've made the store almost in the last one. ...ık... Thevor Thevor Theselama roаюсь correctly FOS leaves nächsten artUnknown the way there are more can still which is a staticrass all around the bush is assaulting Bufts reguka Bufts호루 erste x Sergey x overt ...and it's a very good push button, which I guess is just the same as the stand ones... ...it says it's similar to the button on the mouse for normal like modern computer. There's a scroll wheel which is, you know the new mouse which is got like this ...sensitization which you can scroll up and down which maybe for the volume. Do that. One issue for the buttons is depending on which material we use... ...we use rubber buttons and it requires a rubber case to enter into consideration. Maybe we go into the... What would be the cost? Do we know? That's one thing. I think the... ...there wasn't any much difference in the cost but it relates to the actual buttons but it does affect the printer circuit board. Which is the next action. Basically for the circuit board which is the middle... ...let's just see if there are no more chips like the... ...outshow of the remote. The firm supplies a simple, irregular and advanced circuit board. And there's different prices according to each. So if we got a scroll wheel for one of the buttons... ...that would require us slightly more advanced circuit board then if we just had a standard push button. One final thing for the camera for some information on the speech recognition... ...there's a small unit available through the company. Which obviously would be an extra cost but it wouldn't affect the size of the remote too much. And I guess that would require more advanced circuit boards. There is an extra price in that sense. There is an extra cost in that sense. I'm going to my personal preferences. I thought possibly for power we could use Kinata. Which is the idea of the watches. You move the remote around to power that. And this would avoid the batches running out having to replace batches. For the buttons I thought we'd probably get away just having the standard push buttons rather than the scroll wheel. And for the circuit board again depends on which features we want in the actual manual mode. So if we wanted the scroll wheel and wanted the voice recognition then we'd have to get a more costly circuit board. So with the circuit board you were going for the... It kind of depends if we're going to have a speech recognition we'd have to probably get an advanced one and get it. But I don't know if there are some people who have... But are we going for that? Yes, we're going to have to make that decision now in a sense that this is the point at which we're discussing that issue. So we're not going to be best to... Rather than... I mean one way is to do each of the presentations and then make decisions going back to the various presentations as they were. The other way would be to do the presentation and then make the decision at that point in time. And then we could probably get a one to discuss it smoothly. Because at that point then you've got the details up there so if we wanted to know for instance that... The scroll wheel required the regular or what required advance. Then if we were able to see that down and we could make the decision at that point in time and then that would be the end of that issue. Does that make sense? I have a lot of information there. It might not be very clear. Unless you want to forget back in the years. Pretty, yeah. As I say, it only specified that we need more advance for the scroll wheel. The voice recognition came as a piece of information. Now the scroll wheel required the regular so that... Okay. The display requires an advance chip to display the client an advance chip which in turn is more expensive. So we're going for... Okay. So transfer word is... And... Okay. So the scroll wheel is on the right side. So we're going for... Okay. So transfer word is... So we're going for the... We're going for the simple one on it. Yes. Simple push button. We did everyone get this from the speech recognition. There was basically what we said before. The idea that you were calling a sad message and then it picks up that message and it applies to. So it is basically the concept we discussed before. But then we... So sure whether it would require more complicated circuit or I guess it would then I forgot the definite information. Maybe we should go more with this rather than... So we go for the simple push button. So effectively we're going for the simple printed circuit board. How are we going for the regular? It was just a push button and it just needs the simple circuit. But... Is there any other... I mean, okay, that's true for that element. But we have to take all of them into consideration. And so if there is one element that requires more expensive one or say the regular one or the more advanced, then that would have to be the same for all of them. I suppose we need to find out what circuit board's got to be required. Maybe we should go and do this. But I'm too happy with that. It doesn't seem to send out a signal to the tele. It's like a parent just reply, reply in your message. So maybe that would be something separate. So I don't think it would affect our circuit. No. Okay, so we have a simple circuit board and that would be extra. Yeah. And I don't think you could really perform any of the more functions with this. Because the example that they give me is good morning coffee machine, good morning dual. And I'd be useful to see like, where are you in the mood? I'm sure. I think that's maybe as far as that one could go. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. So we stick to the simple circuit board and then think of the speed recognition. That's nice. Yeah, this is a fun way to find it. Simple circuit board, simple push button. Okay. Can you say something? You were wanting to go for the kinetic power supply. Yeah, I thought so just for easy loving to replace the batteries. And how does it get charged up? It works on the basis they have some kind of ball bearings inside. There's someone watches which you kind of shape to power that. Somehow the mechanism inside the power is out of your movement. So you do move the remote around a little bit and then that power is out to use it. Okay. So the speed recognition was, are we going for a speed recognition? No. Was that required the advanced? I think it would be helpful to find it. But I don't think it. Yeah. Which I didn't affect the circuit board just affected. Yes. Just for the colon. I had speed recognition requires advanced work. That's why I thought maybe it doesn't work. Oh. So it's a speed recognition. Speed recognition, you reckon then is just a simple. And so we would want it in as an extra because it doesn't appear to cost too much. And that would be. That wouldn't really cost anymore, would it? I just check what it says. Actually I don't think it really says anything about the cost but it says it's already in the coffee machines. So I get already. I see me with the cost of the extra. Maybe we'll find out how much that cost. And then after the change, change on everything at the last minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. That was quick. Okay. Sort of very brief presentation. So I'm looking at the remote out there at the minute. None of them are particularly sleek and sexy. I haven't actually got the examples of this raw bottom there. But there's some curve cases that you can see. And the range of sizes, all in half quite a lot of buttons there. And they seem to just have the number of buttons. So I'm going to. Sorry. It just seems to be skipping on with that. Yeah, I've found that. And then you try and get it back. If you right click and then go into the previous one. Oh, it's all right. There wasn't much more to see about that. Some of the remote I looked at. One of the models that did actually have voice recognition where you could. Where it was connected to the remote control functions. And it was quite a switch model where it can control forward devices to be. If I start a live video, DVD, audio. So that's a bit of competition there. So I mean, maybe it's better not to try and compete with that sort of thing. And just to mark it as a completely different, like different view pointers. The kind of finding your last control, rather than trying to compete with the functions. The scroll buttons as we already mentioned them. There's examples of those, but they don't look as sleek as other models. And there's no real advantage. And because it impacts on other. On the materials and the price, it's not great. So you were saying the scroll buttons? Yeah. There was a specialist type of remote that we could think about. There was children's remote where they just had a very limited range of buttons in the world. Bright and colorful. And you could program them so that they could only look at certain channels. But I don't know if that's really an uphill. I guess we're going to the biggest market and maybe not. Was it a specified that we went for the biggest? Or to go for the international market rather than a local market, but that wouldn't necessarily preclude. The one thing that you can often do with products is you can make small modifications. You have your basic model, which you would sell at, whatever. And then you could have additional features in, you know, like a model, one, model, two, a model, three. And therefore you can subdivide your market up. But that's really more in your fields. It's more like a next step, maybe a new for hours. You know, you could add on for an extra package, but on this basic one, I'm reckoning that we're going for the basic model to be discussed here. And that you would have for future reference, the possibility of adding in extra features at extra cost to take care of specialist market segments. Okay. So what are we deciding to do here? I think because there's already a very good voice recognition technology out there. Right. Because hours might not cover the same functions that the media fans do. They might get the marketer as a finder function. Yeah, finder function rather than as a speech function to find your remote. Yeah. So it's a good thing they go for the international market. So maybe all the people might not like this speech recognition. Oh yeah. So there's some languages that might not be compatible. It would make it quite complicated, where as these keeps it fairly simple. Yeah, because I think your programme this one is so like to see whatever you want to your question. And as is quite a cheap device, I don't know how much we're going to put into it. So you'd have a finder feature rather than a voice recognition feature. And you were talking about scroll buttons. Yeah, I think we've decided that it's going to increase the cost and give a real benefit. And it's going to be pretty from the sleepiness of it. All right, so we're just going to have the rubber buttons. Is that right? And just to be aware that there are kind of specialist functions and specialist remote. But we probably don't want to focus on those. Okay, so not to be focused on. Yeah, there was a mention just as kind of a warning about button design. Just to avoid ambiguity. So it gave the example of say your volume buttons were up and down. That might both have a V on for volume. Good in flip it around at 90 degrees, 180 degrees and never up and down. An upside down V. So that would show that volume was going up. Whereas the one underneath it, see the volume going down. I think the thing was that if you decide to do this, to have triangular buttons, somebody might look at this one and see all this triangular button is pointing up. And that's the first thing that they see. I will know the might see. Yeah, they might see this pointing down. I think right, that's going to turn the volume down. Whereas the actual buttons point up. So the function is to turn the button up. So be careful what you put on the buttons and be careful of the shape that you make them. Because it might be kind of too contradict and kind of shapes. So maybe we can have some volume written on the side then up and down on the buttons. You could have volume up and volume up, down. Because the idea was to have a limit to have sizeable about of information on it. Limited number of buttons. Because there were 16 buttons, wasn't it? And I think that's all I had to see. So what was the decision on the design of the volume button? I'm going to go to the design of all the buttons at the moment. I've got some things to say about possible design. Yeah, I know. Okay. Cool. Right. I've been looking at some trends in sort of this fashion on top of doing the research into the remote control market. The one that's the one I talked about last time that we'd sort of asked people about remote controls and what was good about them, what was bad, what they used. And we've also been looking at sort of fashion, what people are wanting out of, consume the goods at the moment. So we've had people in Paris and Milan watching via fashion trends. You know where they are yourself. So just to summarize, the most important things that came out of the remote control market investigation, the most important thing was that the things sort of luck and fell fancy rather than dysfunctional. And second, there should be some technological innovation. And then third and less important than the other two, there should be an ease of use as well. And apparently the fashion trends, other people want sort of clothes and shoes and things with fruit and vegetables. The field of the material should be spongy, which is country to last year apartment. I'm sure it must have been not sparse last year. So we need to emphasize the fancy design on our remote control above all else. And then also try and add in technological innovation, which could be our sort of find a thing with a hand clap. And then we need to make it easy to use as a third priority. So perhaps a few of your buttons and functions as we've discussed. And then maybe find a way to incorporate these trends so that we sort of capture people's imaginations. So maybe we could make the buttons shaped like fruit and veg or the buttons could be spongy somehow. Maybe we could make them out of rubber rather than sort of hard plastic. And then to even whack it and that we could maybe have a fruit or vegetable shaped remote, say in the shape of a banana or something like that. Right, so maybe a banana or a courgett or something. How far we actually want to go along and sort of follow the trends. Do you think the trends are particularly important for this type of gadget or do they not matter that much? I think if you start making the buttons fruit shaped, it might make it more complicated to use. Well, you were just talking about you've got to be careful about how you shape your buttons because you're going to miss their rep people. And I would have felt the functionality because the people get cheesed off by things, by having to read instructions, etc. So maybe just one button, say the standby button is quite kind of set for more real applications. Maybe that could be a little apple. Okay. I wouldn't get in the way of like kind of one nine and it wouldn't cost you numbers. Stand by button. No, that incorporates the trend both at the same time not confusing people. If you're looking for functionality. Well, I don't know. I guess maybe fruit vegetables maybe pop through the moment that has been out. But what are they going to be next? Yeah. What are they going to be next year? But okay, but you can incorporate that. If you change all the buttons, then you've got the problem that this year's fruit and veg next year's... I was going to see animals are elephant or whatever. That means you're constantly changing your production schedule. And you've got to make different molds and everything else. So that's not a good idea. I would suggest... What the timescale we're thinking of selling the product over is, I don't know. I mean, the scene is realistic. The remote control market is in the kind of thing which takes those kinds of actions. Yeah. So key to something which is maybe more universal. Well... As far as it's quite a subtle design. Even a particular design of GHS. Oh, the Spungy feels... Well, yeah. Maybe so the rapid design. Was that in the sort of fashion sense that this... Or was the Spungy feel was that sort of fashion it was, wasn't it? Yeah. So... Like a couple of cases as well as buttons. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not even going to make them curved or double curved. Not the kind of stuff. Oh, yeah. One of the things that if you had rubber buttons and you had a rubber case. Oh, no, no. Sorry, so we use rubber double curved case and you must use rubber buttons. That's the only way we have the rubber case and you have to have the rubber buttons to get rid of. Thanks. Bye. Remember buttons require rubber case scrolling. Yeah. The main problem is how frequently do the fashion change? Because in Asins and the production you want things to stay... You want to basically mint them out. Because if you've got fashion changes and that you're incorporating, then it means that your stock is... It's last year's stock and therefore you're selling it or having to sell it at discounted rate. Which you wouldn't want to do, whereas if you kept product the same. But you could have a difference from year to year. It seems to me that you could incorporate a fashion statement if you like, rather than changing the whole... ...Kittenkaboodle. You're just changing one aspect like this down by button or something like that and especially... ...because then you could make it something that... As soon as you may be unlimited if I race last but the logo on the edge. Well, you might be limited in space. Yes. Well, you two are obviously going to find out really quickly when you move over to your kit modelling stage as to... ...how much...how much...how pliable is plasticine? The cases like changing the fashion are like the Nokia phones where you could take the case... ...and off the outside. So, you're talking about changing the case. Yeah, the actual look from the outside. So, the buttons were still the same and the general function of the... ...about the same thing and you could change the way it looks. Yeah, and then you could have... Or, but you still would have to have the logo on every new case. Yeah, that. But you could have like pink cases for the other. Yeah, and then you could have... Or, but you still would have to have the logo on every new case. Yeah, that. But you could have like pink cases for the other. Yeah, you could do a colour change so therefore you... Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's effectively what they did with the mobile phones was to have some in blue, some in red, some in... ...rather than all in black or... ...which for you want as long as it's black. So... So, it's more sturdy. So, we are supposed to use the company Colossal Road. Yes, oh, that's true. I don't mind. I mean, I won't go to the booth but it might clash with anything. Well, not necessarily because you could have your company... ...or where it were meant to be finishing up. You could have your company badge. And, lo, I mean, a lot of computers for instance, like on the one you've got there. It actually has a sort of stick on badge. So, what you would all... All you would really need, whether, you know, whether the casing be any colour, could be any colour. But that badge would then have to stick out on top of it so that in a sense, whether... ...with a logo like that, because it's on a white background, the only colour that it might not stick out some well on would be a white casing. Because you, you know, you're sort of... ...you're badging it and in fact a lot of companies get somebody else to make them and literally just badge them themselves with their own badge over the top. And in fact the way they've got that there, even if you had that on a white, which is the predominant colour of the Windows badge, you'd still be able to see it clearly from, you know, a white casing product. So... Where have we got the big and the market? How this can like, secondary markets, having their cases? Might be, since, consider. I don't know if it's for younger people. Like, with born generation. That's what the polypore would out well. And the one I put a search has been on that side of it, isn't it? Yeah, I mean, people say that it's the look. They want the fancy looking thing from. Yeah, I'm not convinced on whether having changed your book covers would be something that people buy into. I think with the mobiles, it's a communication device, people see you with it all about. Yeah, experts were a bit of a keep your mouth. And then the house, isn't it? Yes, I suppose. Okay, so if we just went for one colour, so don't change case, change case colour, and we're sort of seeing no to that. Did we decide on the rubber case? Did the sponge you feel, I did you think that that might go as a trend? Well, it was different last year. The trend was different last year, partly. It is not a sponge you feel, but... I don't know whether the trend would change. I don't know whether it's from those things that... like sort of having all group shaped keys that that probably would go out of fashion very quickly. Yeah. Just the fact that it was a rubber case is probably less less of a sponge. Yeah, so that's why I think that's why I'm saying that. You're going to end up hating in a year. Well, if you're going for fashion trends like that, then you'd have to have interchangeable cases so that you could... Because otherwise, someone's going to have to buy a complete new rubber rather than just a case. You know, this seems to make sense to me, which is maybe stick with the standard rubber case and then have the standard rubber buttons as well. Okay. Well, haven't we talked about the curvature of the case? This flat, single curved and this double curved. I'm not exactly sure what it looks like. Maybe a case gives it like a more aesthetic feel. Double curved when required to perform miracles for the past. When you say the double curved, what exactly does that mean? I'm not exactly sure. I'll show you. There's a more set up. See how... Let's just get up. See how the one... Oh, I'm not. I'm not. One thing to consider... One thing to consider is that... In some ways, you want... By having a fairly standard case, it means they can all fit together on top of each other. Therefore, for storage purposes and shops and the like, it makes it easier if you can store them up on top of each other. Whereas if you do fancy things, whether you then go to put it in a packaging box that does that. And the cost of packaging could be quite important if these have either the total cost of the product. So, should we just work out what we decided we have to do? So, but... It's not very clear up there, but you can see someone who has kind of bulges and a set one on the end. Where's the curve there? I don't know if a double curved is maybe... It comes off slightly... That's right, it's a double curved. But it is a kind of slicked look if you've got curves in there. So, you want to go for curves, more curves? We're meant to be finishing this meeting in about a minute or so. Okay, so you should go for single curve, just to cut the line. Okay, single curve. Okay, curved or double curved, so it's a single curve. So, did we decide on the kinetic power supply? Do you have to go around? Yeah. And the robot push buttons. The robot push buttons. And we don't really know much about the classical logo yet, but possibly a sticker. Yeah, yeah, we're slightly... We're going to give the simple circuit board just to keep the car stand. I think we can't buy not having anything to come here to keep it. Yeah, and the voice recognition, we can use that car, we're just to find it. Yeah, yes. So, we could always decide against it, something comes up, that's just a midterm. We'll send the V-art. Okay. And then are we going for sort of one button? It's like a boot. Yeah, that sounds... You wouldn't do too much harm in a couple of years. What sort of shape do you want? So, we've got spongey feel buttons as well, have we? Or was that... So, it's rubber buttons, so it's not really spongey feel buttons, it's just rubber buttons. Yeah. Was it rubber keys? Yeah, I guess so. And the standby button is going to be different. Yeah, okay. I think an Apple would be a good recognisable shape, if you start getting the... kind of all bushing symptoms. Okay, so what shape are we making the standby button? Apple. Apple. Oh, sorry? Sure, I bought it. I think anyone got this just... It's quite big one as well. Big Apple. What could be red? Could be red Apple. Yeah. I don't know why. A red Apple? Yeah, because we want to incorporate a bit of colour if we can. Once we find out where it is. Okay, and then we're going to... You're going to work on keeping the bushing symptoms quite simple. Just like the... Just working out what we're going to do for the next time. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds pretty straightforward. Because more so, we'll just be kind of merely circular or a very plain. Okay. So what was that last thing you got in there? Just to keep the shape of the button simple. Right, do I have much option on that? I thought you were going for a single curve and... Just the shape of the buttons. All right. Just keeping the sort of labeling of them fairly simple as well. Yeah. Having sort of some sort of... All right, so shape of buttons simple. Okay, so... That's it, I guess. We can get these things sorted out. I guess you two are on plasticine duty or whatever. Okay, so... I'll be there. Looks like it. Okay.