 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Dan, pode ji jouan alanetan Summit? Ok RIPORT a an experiment with a lot of users and they had a lot of findings in their report with statistical proof. So I had three pages with findings and a lot of findings so we can use this 75% of the users find most remote controls ugly. That's a lot so we have to make a beautiful remote control 80% of the users will spend more money when a remote control will look fancy. I think this fits what Michiel said about older people will spend more money for something and what is good because younger people are more critical where they spend their money at. 75% of the users said they sell a lot well okay that's normal I think we have to make good sell buttons but that's one of our requirements. The last point is quite interesting. They only use 10% of the buttons so if you know all I said it maybe our full open system is a good one but I don't think it's 10% on the top. Page 2 remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room. That's exactly what we said about the system for it to recharge the batteries or something. I thought maybe we could make a clap system so when you clap your hands it will bep or something you must find it quickly. Maybe just a button on the home station so remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station. Okay we can combine that. It takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. I think we must take a look at this. It's only 34% but it's a tough one because if we make a whole new product or own style this is a very difficult next remote control is a bet for the system. We have to only use a new remote control. We have to only use a new remote control. We haven't looked too much at the last point. The last experiment was about gadgets like speech recognition. We didn't think about that already and an LCD on the remote control. We already told that they finally had a conclusion that younger people under an age of 45 are more interested in new features but they are more critical. And older people want to spend more money but they don't want to have a lot of new features because they are in their old thinking way and they want to keep the old things so we have a new age. You already said that the company was about 40 plus clients so we can just skip the LCD on the remote control. I think we can skip speech recognition directly because it's not reachable for 25 euros. Then I have my personal preference. Okay that's not very good because I thought about the television DVD play stereo and Fiji are had a question about but it's already out of the question. My point is well if we make a remote control for only television I think it's hard to sell it for 25 euros but it's the exercise. Because it's too expensive. Yeah. Only for television on the market you can now buy for 20 euros for everything and we only make it for television so we must make it very special. Good usability so you can use it. Okay I talked about the home station it must be simple because the elderly people need to use it. I found the motto and we put the fashion in electronics and that's the motto we are referenced for our style. We have to make a new product we have to be wonderful kind. So it has to look the companies about their own fashion their own style. But old people are not looking for that. Oh I think. Not really. I think the main thing is usability. That's when we can make a special product. Keep it simple. We also have to stand out because there are already, like you said, so many controls that support a lot of stuff but we have to make sure that we are better in usability and stand out by just looks at it so make it just a different color or different shape. Okay this was my presentation. I don't know. So Paul is going to do the next one. It's on the net. Okay technical functions design. Okay we also have a broad audience. That isn't true anymore but we have elderly people so we need to keep it simple. The way I want to keep it simple. The way I want to keep it simple is to use the standards. So standardized methods like on all remote controls. Not to fool like Jens already said. Only 10% is being used. So what do you think of only the numbers and the off button? Yeah I have them the next page but yes basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff. So the option is that we put on there. Should be eased use and because you have more room than and for elderly people big buttons. An icon on it or a text on it so it's very clear what that button does. So it doesn't take much time to figure out how to use it. A way to find out what people use. Maybe just use questionnaires on the internet or just ask some random people, elderly people. What they use, what they want on remote control to find out but there was already one done. Well functions I could think of volume channels. The basic I call it numpad. Just one two three etc. Text service options. Basic on off and I found and could I think of favorites. I always look up the same pages on text and I always have to click the number. Okay. What if you could make a new option that you just have to place one button and you get on your. Yeah but then you have to remember what favorite is what channel. So you might as well remember the number. Or not. Maybe it's too complicated. It's a good idea. It was just a thought. I would find it handy when you just press one button and you get on 666. Yeah okay but how can you remember what channel connects to what favorite button. I was reading on the page and writing full just sends commands, basic commands to the television. So switch to tenel six. Yeah so a button six says six and if you make favorites it can say six six six in a row. Just numbers. Yeah okay but for a user to remember if I press that button it goes to that channel. Well if you set a favorite. Yeah but isn't it hard to remember like favorite one and... For me if I use my telephone I never use those buttons to question. No neither do I. Okay now maybe not. If I don't do it maybe old people. No maybe elderly people. Yeah they don't like new features so maybe not. Well play pause. I don't know if it's usable. It's not it's not anymore. Not anymore for TV. Right on off. I don't know if there's any other buttons, basic buttons. I couldn't think of any other, especially not for TV. Just on the front as well. No that's only the only thing you need. Next and previous. Previous I know but next channel. Just a channel what I mean is that. Like a web browser. Oh okay. There's also a button to go to the channel you've been used for like a web browser. Backbots. I don't have. I know what it is but I think it's old to difficult. I don't think you used that. When you want to go to just use when you want to switch between channels all the time. No you want to do it like if you have a channel above 10. Normally you can press 1. Especially for older people. You use standard buttons so you have that 10 plus. Yeah the 10 plus button. Just one one pressing or quickly after each other. Okay. Just to keep it simple and standard features. Yeah wouldn't it be a problem to because you have to be fast enough maybe the elderly people. I think that's in the TV as well. That's how the TV handle is. But you can have a button that says it's not a problem. So you have like a. Yeah but that's a second's very to press those two buttons. It's what Paul says it's not a remote control. That makes the TV do one two. It's the TV. It depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must type one. So if you have a universal TV controller and a button that has two stripes. So you have a period of I don't know five seconds to press those buttons in that. No for elderly people to look one to press and aim. But do we still need the two level remote control because if you only have that. It's only for television now. I don't think so. I just thought of another one. Most things in modern TVs are also on the menu. So we also need a menu button. And then a navigation. But we can integrate that with volume and pre-usage. I think you really have to divide between functions you often use. Maybe switch channels and volume and that kind of things. And the menu button because you almost never use menu button. Maybe it's still a good idea. I'm not sure. You would have to use a mute button to... Yeah, mute button. Maybe I don't know where you have to put it. Well, I think that's the latest step. You just have to figure out what to put on. What we're going to use. And later we can do the design. Okay, now my personal preference is using the standards. Basic. I think that we should stand out unique. Being unique with the design. So we have to, I don't know, make a different shape than usual. So when you are in the shop and you see our TV controller hanging that it stands out. Not just in a row. You see all the same remote controls. It has to be different colors. I don't know, different colors. Maybe we can give it out in different colors. You can choose between the two. Like an automatic or something. Yeah, why not? That's fancy. That's a fashion. It looks cheap as well because it's a small thing. It's only 24 viewers. It looks very cheap if you make it. Well, maybe we can look at mobile phones. I don't know what happened. Maybe we have to look at mobile phones. There are design very well. And basically, they are the same, just a bit smaller. You can't make it if you control it too small. Because then you will always lose it. But, well, I think that's a good example. Okay. Okay, you have to hurry up a bit because it's not working. You finished again. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, the working design. The method I use is search the web. Just a web page provided. Basically, I'm not very technical. I don't call educated, but I could figure it out. Basically, what happens is you press a button. Then the circuit gets closed by pressing the button. Like a switch. By closing that certain circuit, chip knows what button is pressed. So, like you press a one. That circuit is closed and then the chip produces a pattern. A-like morescode to and sends that to the LED. That's the light emitting diet, I think. And the light emitting diet is producing infrared light. That's un-unvisable to the human eye. And transmit that to the TV. However, there's also a visible diet that's blinking red if you look in it. And that's another diet, I believe, because infrared is not visible. So that's two different things. So we also have to have a lot of that. Yeah, I think so. I'm not sure if it's the same thing that it's visible. Yeah, that's active. Or just the green one, because if you use it, it's green, all the red. Yeah, maybe I think it's in the case that it's active. Yeah, when you press it. The red one shows up like something's wrong. And green is like, it's okay, you press it. Yeah, I don't know. Almost remote control is red. Okay, we make it one. So maybe we don't have to make red. Maybe integrate it into design as well. The whole remote control becomes green if you press the button. I think the batteries will be... Now we have a little recharge. Yeah, okay. If we can still make that. It doesn't have to be red. It's just to indicate something. Not the batteries are low. It's very important. Yeah, just to indicate it's working. And the receptor in the TV senses the pattern. So we have to understand what patterns are used to make it universal. So that it can be used with all the TVs. We have to really understand what patterns are used. Otherwise, it won't work. So we have to make buttons for that as well. To make... No, the chip is producing the pattern. So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to... An automatic search function for each television. Yeah, or I don't know exactly how it works. It wasn't explained there. I use a universal remote control. And before you end, you have a list of all the TVs you have. And you have to put in a number. So it works on your TV. Okay. I have a modern one. And the modern one. You type a search. And the lead became to blink. And after a short time, the television turns off. Oh, it's the right one. And you can stop it. And then it's working. So you don't have to search for your television or your code. It's the search pattern for itself. So we have to make a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one. You have to... Can you just say it again? Well, you have this chip. When the circuit is closed, it produces the pattern. But basically for brands of TV, these patterns are different. So like when you press a one on one TV, it goes to one. And on another TV, it won't work, basically. So basically what you have to do is get these patterns right. And that can be done by just changing the signal. Yeah, changing this pattern all the time. And what he's doing when he's configuring this pattern, this chip, is trying to switch off the television. And when it's switched off, you can push your button. It's working now. And then he saves that setting. Okay. And then he's working. Yeah, that's the right option. Well, the components. Yeah, this is a bit technical. And I was a little short on time. But I think I understand it. The energy source is the battery, basically. That's connecting to all the components. Because it has to be fed with energy. Okay. And the subcomponent is, I think it is the button pressed. So basically when you press a button, a switch gets closed. And that's connecting to a chip. So the chip knows what button you pressed. And the chip sends out the pattern to the infrared bulb. I didn't put the description by this one. So the normal flashing lights. So that's the LED. Yeah. And this is the LED too. But this one is producing infrared light. It's invisible. And this one is producing normal light. So we can make the normal one also a normal light. Another LED light is a normal one. Yeah. Flash up your... If you use the buttons, both of them works. But one you can't see. And one indicates that you use a button. Yeah. Because when you press a button and it doesn't work, it can basically, if the battery is low, it won't work. Yeah. So you have to indicate that it's... Maybe you have to put a small light around the button you push. So you see green if you push that button. I think it's a necessary power you use there. Maybe if you do that, you know that you're sending a signal. Okay. And it's... You also know which button. And the whole remote control have to be... Yeah, that's right. Everywhere and there. But does it make any difference for the energy you use? You still won't let it. Yeah, it will look different. And I think we need to find something else. It looks different, yeah. Yeah. Because otherwise we will just make another standard. And our motto also is... Just let's... We need the buttons. Yeah. Around the buttons. Or in the buttons, even. Yeah, okay. Yeah, but... Like when you push it... Yeah, then the one... Yeah, you have your finger over the button. So you can see... You must be around in there. Yeah. Or maybe on top of the green light splashing on. Not here. But... Yeah, there. Yeah. Maybe here. The same as a telephone or a mobile phone or... Yeah, we're thinking about that. If you're a mobile phone in the dark... Light-set, everything lights up. That's a great idea. Yeah, I think that's on a remote control. It only takes a little energy. Yeah, it's a mobile phone. A phone can do it. Yeah. Yeah, maybe that's a good idea for all people as well. Yeah, if you were in the dark, you can't see the numbers. It's only a few LEDs or any four or something. Four LEDs. Yeah, I don't know. But if we use a battery station... Which I think we'll use. Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah, we'll have enough power to... Everything everyone agrees with that or... Yeah. Maybe we'll pause it on the home station... Yeah. ...about to call your remote control. Okay. But you have to make it sound devised in it. Yeah, there must be sound in it. Yeah. Yeah, maybe it's that little too hard to make... Especially for that kind of money. It has to be... The production cost is 12.5. 12.5, okay. But we only have to make it for television. We must have something special. We also have... ...mortem controls with a lot of options. But we lose about 90% of those options. So I think you can... You have to give customers some extra. Yeah. I think we will save money with that. Okay, you're almost finished. Yeah, the personal preference I didn't fill it out. Because it was sure on time. Basically what we could do too is... ...have a Bluetooth integration. Yeah, I just want to talk to some about some more. So maybe you... Yeah. Okay. So... Oh, sorry. What's that? So... Oh, sorry. We have some new project requirements. We have to have a look what they are. Still... Teletext has become outdated since the popularity of Internet. So a Teletext option... Maybe we have to skip that one. I'm not sure. I think a lot of people use teletexts. Yeah, it's on your televisions, only one button. We definitely should use it. Yeah, I told you the remote control should only be used for a telephition. So that's maybe easier. And the 40 plus people already told you. Oh, no, sorry. Oh, this is a problem. Oh, sorry about that. The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than 40. So it should be flashy or... Oh, interesting. Sorry about that, but this didn't reach it. So did you make some decisions about that? Yeah, that kind of changes the whole situation. Yeah, then we have to make some nice features. I think the thing in the dark is a good way to make more like mobile phone. More modern? That's important, I think. LCD doesn't work for 12.5 euros, I think. No, don't think it's very usable in remote control, especially when you only have TV functions on it. No. I don't think you'll use it often because you can see on the television what channel you... Watching that channel one. Okay. No, I think that's not usable. So, but what other features can we put in? Yeah. I think you have to make it a bit flashy and popular. And then the usability is not that required because like in the mobile phones, usability is not that good, I think. I think some of you had something to read about speech recognition, about you said one and the television turns on one. Is that reachable, maybe? That's fair. That's easy, that's cool. It's 12, for each one. Yeah, okay. Only the numbers, only numbers, furthermore nothing, but only the numbers, one to 20 or something. That should be cool. Yeah, maybe we have to integrate that as well. If it's possible. I don't know, I don't think it's very expensive actually. Why should it be? You only have for microphone. Yeah. It has to work. And does it have to work only in English or in Dutch too? No, maybe. Ah, that's a problem. And then in English. I don't know how to speak in Dutch or... Yeah, it's probably my job to figure that out. I think you can use cream from wherever. No, one, television channel one. And we have to think about that. But do we do it? No, I don't know. If we do it. Is it very usable? That's what I'm looking at. And do you have to speak in like anything or... Maybe it's too hard to realize that. We have short time to put it on the market. Okay. You have to do a lot of testing before we can do that. Yeah, thanks. You can make it, you can make the remote control very flexible. Indeed, the languages are a difficult thing. Because we... I don't know if it's useful enough to take the effort to design something with speech recognition. And also, if you have a good speech recognition, you can just throw the... Someone says... The remote control. Give me one code. And the TV turns on to one. It's not to go... Yeah, okay. That's the right comment. But then you have to say a TV channel one. That's something. Not just one. But TV one. That becomes... Because that's very hard for speech recognition. Well, yeah. But I don't think it's just interesting enough. So we have to make some decisions. Okay, no speech recognition. So we have to know what we're going to put on. Do we make a light under the numbers and everything do we have? If you press something, it lights up for a few seconds. So you can see what that... Okay, yeah, that's good. Okay, we just take that one. And what else we do? Also the one in the dark. So, it lights up when it's dark. Yeah, but I thought that would be the same if you push something. Yeah, it doesn't work all the time. It doesn't work only when you use it. Are you going to switch it on or something? No, maybe one button. It must turn on for a 20 seconds. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. It's the same as a telephone. Yeah, all right. And do we use a... What's it called? Like an iMac, it doesn't... You can look through it or just normal. Maybe it's an option. Maybe it's an option. Like we discussed like iPod, different colors, maybe use even different fonts. Yeah, like a phone. Different colors, okay. So let me just make it... Yeah, it's cool. Yeah, it's cool. As an option, maybe. And so the buttons we have... Yeah, this is normal. We put in the simple buttons on the top and probably the more complicated buttons. Yeah, there's a lot of different buttons. We don't really have any... Yeah, maybe you have... You have to... When you use teletech, teletech, you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one or to go to the previous one. Yeah, well, I think the buttons are very easy with just standard buttons. But maybe you can put the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control because you almost never use it. Teletext options are only for buttons or something. Yeah, but younger people, I think, more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext. Yeah, that's right. I use teletext every day, I think. Yeah, for me too. So we just give it one level then? Yeah, yeah, one level. I think because we don't have that many buttons, I think the design is most important. You can integrate the buttons in the design very much. Because the door is simple buttons. If you put one above it, it's clear. Okay. So that's it for... We're going to have a lunch break. How long is lunch break? Lunch break. So yeah, you know what you have to do with this. This is it. You get your meal and everything. Trans-watching, okay? Yeah. That's fun. Yo. So we finished work this time, we can just move in. Okay. Bye. Bye. Well, I'll take you to the bathroom. I think the office is over there. Yeah. I'm going to have lunch. Yeah, well, lunch break. Yeah. Have you seen that? It's going to be a little bit of a train to watch you. I think you can put your camera in there. Maybe you have a little bit of a leg now. I think it's a little bit of a leg now. Yeah. Do you have a plan? Come on, it's okay. Okay.