 Hello. Good morning. Again. Again. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. All sets? Good. Let's see what we can find here. Okay. A very warm welcome again to everyone. Here we are already in our functional design meeting. This is what we are going to do, the opening, which we are doing now. In the special note, I'm project manager, but on the meetings I'm also the secretary, which means I will make minutes as I did at the previous meeting. I also put these as fast as possible in the project folder, so you can see them and review what we have discussed. If I'm right there are three presentations, I guess each one of you has prepared one. Good. And we will also take a look at new project requirements if you haven't heard about them yet. And then of course we have to take a decision on the remote control functions, and we have some more time, 40 minutes, but I think we will need it. Well, I don't know who wants to go first with this presentation. I'll go first. I'll go first. Shall I go first with the user? I think you are now getting a full. Is there anybody already has? Yes, presentation. You can adjust it. One question, your name, Denny? Is it with AEA? AEA. Thank you. I wanted to explain the work design of the remote control. It's possibly very handy if you want to design one of those. Well, it basically works as I wrote down in this little summary. When you press a button, that's when you do, for example, when you want to turn up the volume, a little connection is made. The rubber button just presses on a little pin plate, which makes a connection that gives the chips. Which is mounted beneath that plastic rubber button. A sense that connection has been made. A note knows what button you pressed. For example, the volume up or volume down button. The chip makes a more-scode-like signal, which then is signaled to several transistors, which makes the signal a little less. That makes the infrared light signal, which is sent to the television set, which has a sensor in it to send the signal of the infrared. That's basically how it works. The findings that I found searching up some detail information about remote controls are that they are very easy to produce. It's possible to make them a mass production, because it is as easy as printing a page, just a fiberglass plate. It's covered with some coatings and chips. The technology is already available. We don't have to find out how remote controls have to work or how to make some chips that are possible to transmit those signals. I made a little animation about how I turned my remote control works. It innovation. There is something to it. Yeah, it's a little bug. It's in the smartboard. Well, some component I suppose that you understand what it's up component. In this example, it's the button. When it is pressed down, the switch is switched on. So the wire is sent to the chip in cooperation with the battery, of course, because to make a signal possible, you have to have some sort of electronic infrared light. Yes? After it's being composed by the chip, the signal is transported to the infrared bulb. From there, it signals a more-scode-like signal to the bulb in the television set. I wrote down some personal preferences about the remote control. Of course, it is very handy if the remote control is handheld, so you don't have to wire it up or something. It's very light to use it. I personally prefer that it would become available in various colors. And easy to use buttons, but I suppose the other two members thought of that too. And it is possible for several designs. Easy to use buttons. Perhaps soft touch screen buttons, because the rubber buttons are always slightly damaged. The numbers on the buttons are not possible to read anymore. And, well, it's a separate way. We can make several designs. Okay. Well, that's my contribution to this meeting. This meeting. Okay. Please. So. Smoke it. Well, my name is Imke-Yong, and I looked at the technical functions design of the remote. I did this by looking at examples of other remote controls, of how they look and information from the web that I found. What I found was that the actual use of a remote control is to send messages to the television set, how you described it. And it can be all sorts of messages, turn it on, turn it off, change the channel, just fill in with kind of thing, play video text, and also play CD, if you use your CD player, the remote control. There are some examples of remote controls. You can see they are very different. The one has got all the functions that you could possibly need in a lot of buttons, etc. And the other is more user friendly, little, with big buttons, and not all the stuff you can do with it, but the essential stuff is there. I guess you could better, you should look at the user centered approach, because the customers have to use them. And if they don't think it's useful, they want to buy a lot of buttons they may think from, I don't need as much as that. Well, personal preference is a simple remote with the basic functions that you can need, you could use. But keep in mind the new functions of TV, what we discussed earlier, split screen, and is that a function that you should have, because all the TVs will have them, or because only a few ones isn't really necessary. And then I would make sure that you could use it on more than one appliance. If you have one that does the video, it could also work with the stereo, because play, play, and stop, stop, and let's read it. You could reuse the buttons, so that you don't have to have a lot of buttons for anything. And it should be user friendly, clear buttons, and not too much. And that's my presentation. Okay, I'll hear you. Okay. Check. You must still have to open. Okay. Okay, so, we're going to discuss the functional requirements of the remote, that means that functions user want to have on the remote control, or just, yeah, the user's actually. The methods I prefer is we're going to look which section of the users we are going to focus more, or the younger people going to buy remote control, or the elderly people, and that section we're going to focus and adjust the remote more to that section than the whole user section. Some data, younger people from six and two, 45 years are more interested in features like LCD screen speech recognition, et cetera. And we process about two-third of the market from in that range of age. The elderly people from 45 years to 65 years are not that much interested in features, and we process less than two-third, that's two-fifth of the market share in that area. Okay, findings. So, we're going to use the users' remote often, so we don't have to make it very small, like a mobile phone or something, but somewhat bigger than small, so you don't lose it that much anymore. 75% of the users also find it ugly, and 75% of the users have a lot. So, the buttons should be that small, or should be that complex, because you have to search for the buttons, which one you're going to use. Important issues about remote. I think this would be better with the personal reference, but okay. Remote control has to have a low power usage, because 75% of the users only set one time an hour, so the power usage is also one time an hour, so with a high power usage we would use a lot of batteries. The volume button and the channel buttons are the two most important buttons on the remote control, so those have to be very easily and have to be somewhat like bigger, et cetera. It has also to be, I have to find easily when the label is gone, my colleague also announced that the label should be scratched off or who is off-gustlates and so if that's the problem you also have to find it. You also have to find it easily on the remote. Buttons, like what our colleague said, have to have to be minimalized or should be covered or in the LCD screen. LCD screen is easy because you have the first options, put one option, and then you have all the buttons of that option, so the other options will be gone and you don't see the buttons. LCD screen should be easy, but an LCD screen, the problem with the LCD screen is that elderly people from 65 years don't use the LCD screen a lot, so we have to keep that in mind that if you're going to implement the LCD screen, don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use. LCD screen as in touch screen. The last but at least younger people are more critical about the features because they use the remote control often and are more technical than all the people and all the people spend more money and easily on remote control. So we have to keep in mind to focus not that much on the younger people but also on elderly people. And on my personal references I don't have any more time to comment that, but like I said LCD screen is easily to use because you can implement a lot of buttons in one remote with not that much buttons. And it should be used especially the following buttons, the channel buttons and the number buttons to set through the channels. And that is it. Thank you all. I don't know. Did everyone receive an email with the new project requirements? No. I did not. Can you perhaps erase? Then I think it's a good thing that I made a separate slide of them so you can all read them. Oh, well, not in this presentation. Should be in there. Well, I can tell you them from my laptop. So that's the first thing we should pay less attention to data text. The remote control should only be used for the television otherwise the project becomes more complex which endangers the time to market and of course will make it more costly I think. Our current customers are within the age group of 40 plus new products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than 40 and you talked about it before. And last point but also very important our corporate image should stay recognizable in our products which means that our corporate color and slogan must be implemented in the new design. So we have to keep that in mind. Well, according to our agenda it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions. So who is any idea what what should be on it and what shouldn't? You said that should only be with one appliance or with one the only the TV. Yeah, only be used for television. And the video also. Oh, it's only for television here. Okay. Next is a lot easier. So yeah, then you can, yeah, requirements, no functions. Then it should have the on off. Yeah, based on the basics, then by volume channel, one till two zero numbers on it. And the text doesn't have to be. No. Other functions. Yeah, I had J from one number to two. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's easy to implement the button with what, which especially do that because some TVs if you press the one and then the two makes it between five, six, you make 12. And that's that's relaxed. And there are some models that don't accommodate that function. So the Phillips television makes possible and that indeed to press one and then two to make it easy to reach 1012. But all the television makes use of those button where you first press that button and then press two digits to. Yeah, so you have that one. Yeah, maybe. Yes, H are we're 45 plus or. Well, new products should reach a market with customers that are younger than 40. And now we have because 40 plus. Because younger people, younger people have now 16 to 25. H are 81% interest in LCD screen. From 26 to 35, 66% and 36 to 45, 55%. So I think to because most remote controls, the print plate will be broken. How much two years you have to press very hard to go to the next set of the LCD screens issue because you only have to wipe the screen for a fingerprint. Yeah, that collides with our mission to make it fair cheap. Yeah, these screens are very expensive. Yeah, but it's probably even more. So true. Well, it's possible to make an LCD screen. How was the information? Yeah, it only says that this percentage like LCD screen. Because, yeah, it says that younger age between 16 and 45 highly interested features more critical. Perhaps we should we should focus on the LCD screen. Yeah, because our target is 16 to 45. Yeah, but will we not exceed our. You don't know how much cost. The possible to find out. I don't have any costs here. So we have percentages. What if you would do an LCD screen? Do we have don't you have any buttons or because it's only direct at the TV? Then you only have, I don't know what you want to do. Now, the LCD screen is just like a drone here. It just displays several buttons. For example, if you want the minimal use buttons such as channel and volume. It just displays four buttons on the screen. And it's possible to press them down just like a touchscreen. So you can adjust which buttons you want on the screen. Yeah, it will make a possible like that. I'll just the audio settings. Press audio on the touchscreen and you get the buttons for audio settings. So the other buttons for gone. So we're going for an LCD screen. I think it's the most interesting thing. And hoping that when we produce a lot, it won't be too expensive. So we had 1250, I guess, or rev limiter. Yeah, I don't know how expensive it is. Any guesses? Well, I suppose if the young people are interested in LCD screens, we should make them. And if that is our market share to our goal to deliver those remotely. We also said that we should not only focus on the younger people, but also on the older. Will they use it if it only has a mouse screen? 46 to 45, 33% and 56 to 65 to 12%. But our project requirements are the new products will be reached for new markets with customers that are younger than 40. But you don't want to alienate the other? No, they're not now. So if they also buy them, that's all right. Yeah, but market share for 40 years, the younger is higher than that of 65 and younger. All right. OK, so LCD it is? Yes. OK. It's a treasure. Yeah, if it gets too much to expensive, then we should be sticking to rubber buttons. Yeah, can you... I think that the day we'll send you some information about the cost of LCD screen. We're not seeing no costs at all. So if you receive an email about that, can you post it in the... Yeah. We should be post that in our project map, I think. I think we all get the costs of everything. Because you are the marketing sector. Yeah, OK. I'll post it. We should have the backup plan that we would use. Yeah, sure. Yeah. OK, but for now, LCD, yeah. Then you have 75% of views, finally to ugly. LCD. Yeah. And 80% of the users would spend more money with the rent remote would look fancy. Oh, this is it. No problem. No, it'll look fancy with the LCD screen. Yeah, but they don't like it. They think it's ugly. When it has an else. Yeah, they just play your remote. Yeah, that's not specific LCD remote. Oh, all right. I told them you said that. So maybe you can make something fancy out of an LCD remote because it's new as far as I know. Yeah, of course. And then you have the other thing that's 75% sample out. But that's not a question with the LCD screen. The only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off one is in the time to get all the fingerprints off it. Yeah. OK. OK, what else does our remote need? A mute button. A mute button. The most important things on a remote control are channel selection, volume, selection, and power usage. And the tailate text, but that is not of the question. Other things are. So you put a button of 30 text on the, for the people who want to use it. Yeah, it would be. We may have got a big remote. We have to fill. Yeah, and we could make a separate menu on the LCD. Yeah, let's take a look. Yeah. All right. And also less important things are screen settings, audio settings, and channel settings. Yeah, less important, because I think they should be there. Yeah, it should be there, but not in a press menu. Yeah, I think it's also important to make it possible to. Any comments on English? To not use batteries, and use battery batteries to be. Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah. So you can mount the, yeah, the brackets, the remote control to charge it. I think of it to also see. Yeah, but we don't. And it costs. Yeah, so, OK, because when you got an LCD screen, you run it on batteries. Yeah. Battery, so we, yeah, it's a very simple. Power supply is one of the most important things. But you should be able to switch the control off if you have an LCD screen that burns all the time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You shouldn't, that's where extra that you have first to turn the remote on, and then you can. Yeah, I think it's not that easy. Because I don't think people like it, that you have to turn it on first, and then use it. So I think it's better when the Difice shuts down or remote shuts down. And it goes to turn by mal when you don't use it. Yeah, automatically. Yeah, automatically. Yeah, I've just turned it on. And maybe a low battery indicator. Yeah, on the screen. Sure. Before and hour when it gets, again, gets empty. Yeah. Yeah, they have plenty of time to recharge it. Of the bulletin rechargeer. Charger. So we are going for a bulletin rechargeer. Yeah, it's slim. It's slim. It's sensible. Yeah, because when you're watching TV, you're stepping, you have to put it in rechargeer. Yeah, that's what you're doing. When you're done with, yeah, I kept it up. Watch me show that you have the battery go hours, six hours, five, six hours. Yeah, sure. But you also forget to put it in. Yeah, that's probably it. So you're going to couch and you don't need it. But you also forget to buy batteries. Yeah. And then you can, you can't use it. Or you have to be sure that the battery has lost a couple of days when it returns. Yeah. So I think the battery should, should work a lot longer than a couple of days. Yeah, because you have, but just LCD screen. Yeah, that's a high power usage. My power uses so it should be a standard move to put your remote control in. A remote control in the charger when you're done watching television. That's also a great advantage because you can't lose it anymore. You see, you are obliged to put in the charger and not to leave any couch between some cushions. Yeah. Okay, wait a minute. But then you also have to have somewhere where you can put your charger near your couch. Otherwise, you have to. Yeah, otherwise. Yeah. We're going to turn on the TV. Just a small device. Yeah. You can get the battery as it's for a long time. Like a telephone charger or something. And just the cable or even a charger when you can mount it on. Yeah. Something like that. Okay. Right. Okay. Well, easy to use also. Or flings. Okay. Marked chair, speaker, speech recognition. Professional designs for the elderly. You could make it possible to enlarge the screen. To make it possible to not display a button at 10 points. I think that this will be standard. Yeah, but I just want to know functions you have to specify. Okay. Because we can look at perhaps 40 buttons at the screen, but in the elderly only look at two buttons. Okay. And you said something about speech recognition. Yeah, it's all working. 12. Yeah, 12. 12. Also, 91% 60 to 25, 26 to 35 years, 76% and 36 to 45 to 35%. That's wonderful. Then I... Even bigger than for LCD. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's do speech. Well, let's leave out all the remote controls and just put a microphone on top of the television. 19. You can slap or something. Turn volume up. Yeah. Hey, that's not the answer. It's all you look. You say the wrong thing. Yeah, okay. Well, that should... It has to be remote control now. Yeah, I think both are... Well. But they want to talk into the remote control or something. Yeah. But we want to pay more for speech recognition in the remote control. So, the thing is, yes. But do we want to implement that? I think the LCD screen should be sufficient. Yeah. But when you look at percentages... Yeah, it says a lot. Perhaps the option should be... Of course, even higher. Why not? Why not? Maybe because of the cost, but nobody knows how much. I hope that the thing is better to have LCD screen because in the area of 36 to 45, we have about 30% of the market share in our hands. And 55 of those people want LCD screen, 35, once speaker recognition. So I think it's better to keep it with LCD screen. Would it be useful to implement both? Yeah, with the cost, so allow it. I don't know that can be done with the cost of 1250. If it could be done, I would do better. But now would you like to implement that? That you say volume up and then those are... Certain systems already exist, I think. Then you also have to have different languages. If we go international, then... True. It's used to do a French and Dutch and English. But that should be also common with some software. It should be also with LCD screen because I think it's different written volume. It's different written than in the... So, really or something? You can use icons for the... Speaker and... You need. You have to have better language for the... So you want to... International... Okay. What else? So no speech recognition? Well, if it could be done with... Yeah. It should be done with... Yeah. ...could be done with... ...and then with different languages. Yeah, that should be... That's not so difficult, you know. I already used several... ...foriz-operated systems and they are all possible to... ...know all that. I think it's difficult to adjust the thing. Every language of dialects... Yeah. I think it's very different. You have to speak so that you can understand. I think it can be implemented. But maybe... You could use that as an option. Yes, option, yes. Money left for some. 50 euros says. Let's do speech recognition. Speech recognition. Okay, so we only do that when we have enough money left. Okay, well, I've written down an honor of button... Volume selection, channel selection... ...digits from 1 to 0. From 0 to 9. A digit button to switch between 1 and 2 digits... ...mute button, a separate menu for teletext, a battery indicator... ...we're going to use a docking station... ...and probably LCD and... ...if there's enough money speech recognition... ...and the possibility to enlarge buttons or to have large buttons. With the teletext, it wasn't very important. No, but... You also know I have colors. I don't know if we should implement that. When you press the red button, you go to page 1 or 2... ...and you press the... I don't know if we should implement that... ...because it says that teletext is not really important. Short cuts. I think we could also implement audio settings, screen settings... ...and channel settings, but that's sub menus. Mainly if you turn the remote control on... ...you have to see 1 to 0 channel volume... ...and if you want to use teletext, screen or audio... ...then you can press it. It should be available, but not directly available. Okay. Okay, so not too much teletext support... ...but in a separate menu. So actually it is there, but... ...just not readily available. So there's a few uses... We have to search. It has to be easy to use. If you want to use teletext, you can press the teletext button... ...and then the options become available. Yeah, that's it. The size of it. Okay, but no more buttons or functions or... ...no, no. What else can you do with the dashboard? Are we forgetting something? I have got real examples here, but I don't think... ...there's anything really missing. There's a little bit... Oh, we don't have a video on this. You can watch this, your presentation. You could check the other remote controls... ...technical functions. Which was here. I don't know. Technical functions. They're a bit small, you can be sure to stretch them. Because... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Technical functions. Okay. I think I got you have for even mute play. Yeah, this is actually pretty good. For slow... Yeah, the zoom buttons. Yeah, for different things. Yeah, for different things. I think you can put them on now. Yeah, different. Yeah, but that should also be a sub menu. Yeah, it should be available in a sub-screen setting. Yeah. And some screen settings. Yeah, screen settings, audio settings. Deletless settings you have. Yeah. Geno settings. So those four end, of course, the main. Yeah, so the first you see the main and the other ones you can go to... Like, depth screens or something. I hope we can do this. It depends on what kind of television you got. Because if you don't have a wide-screen television, you don't need to... You don't use it. And if the television does not support such operations... You don't have to use that type. Yeah. So you leave it. Or it could be possible to have a standard version of the remote. Yeah, expand this version. And do we want to win different colors? Sure. And the buttons you see in the colors. The colors, I think, the main color of the remote control is the color of the LCD screen. Yeah. Because we don't want to... Yeah, we don't want to... How many percent? 80 percent. I think it's up here. We'll spend more money if it looks fancy. Okay, so use a very... A lot of people... Perhaps you can make adjustable front. I just want... You can... Okay. But I think that... Red, white, blue, black... And a C-grade. And a C-grade. And a C-grade. And a C-grade. Same sense versions. She pressed a button, it turned green. Yeah. Oh, please. Oh, please. It's a little... A little... A little... A little... Oh, right. You can program this to here. Okay. Perhaps you should... You throw them in one pile. So options. And then you set them. Otherwise you have all those detects, detects, not... Or like... Or if a menu button is... Or a separate menu. Or if a menu button is pressed, then you have... Main usage... All the settings. I guess so. We're having a general menu with the most used functions. Data text, screen settings, audio settings, channel settings. And maybe there are options for the remote itself. Like large icons or small icons. I think... Because we don't have a lot of buttons on one screen. We don't have any buttons. Yeah, but... We have left channel button, volume button, those buttons. And we're on the LCD, right? Yeah. So we don't have any normal buttons. No, no normal buttons. Maybe only the... We don't need the special options menu for the remote itself. No. Oh, well, you should be able to set which TV you have. Yeah, sure. Of course you need the settings button. Or settings option for the remote control. But is the idea to use what you said... Normal on and off button for the TV? No, no, no. Because we discussed that you could charge it. Otherwise it... It jumps to standby mode. Not for the remote, but for the TV. Yeah, the TV of course. I think that's the best thing is that we implement that one in the menu with volume. But not as normal button in the TV. Maybe there should be a separate button apart from the LCD. Because you can't turn it on when the LCD is off. So how do you turn the thing on? You just tap in the remote. Yeah, just tap in. That's the screen thing. And then the television is on also or just the remote? No, just remote. The television does have to be on. That's why you can press on. Yeah, it should be a standby mode. Yes, then by the press and remote press on and then TV should be. Affailable. Normal on button. For TV. So you can turn it on and then you can choose the channel. Otherwise you... I don't know whether or not that's... Normal button on the remote control? Yeah, or to turn it on. Or you should put it in the SD screen. Yeah, because when you touch the SD screen when it is in standby mode, it should pop on. Yeah. Why would it be handy to have an on button? Well, I guess if you use the SD screen, you first have to search where it's the on button and then TV goes on. But if you have a normal on button on the remote, then you do it on and then you search the channel. Yeah, but I think the remote control if you press tap the screen, it always should jump to the screen which has the volume button, and then you can turn it on and off button. I think it looks a lot more fancy. I think so too. I don't have any buttons on the remote. So actually we're going to create a button less remote. Okay, well that might be a unique setting point. If we can afford it, I guess we'll have to. Let's put on for the discussion to our next meeting because we're running out of time. So for now, we're having a lunch break. And then there will be half an hour for the next share of individual work. I will write minutes if I can create them out of this and put them in the project documents folder. And here are the individual actions for the other roles. And of course specific instructions will be sent to you again by your personal coach. Luckily as we are. Thank you very much. Have a nice lunch. Food. Food. Should we put this back in our room? Yeah, thanks sir. It's a small. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yep. Yep. Oh yeah. Thanks. Oh sorry. Yep. Yep. So. Yeah. Yeah.