 if to easy to see , sub and media updated and Okay, so welcome back. What do we have to do? Okay. First, I want to say I'm the secretary, so I make the minutes. You'll find them in your map, from the group, just a minute from the first meeting, you'll find the next minutes also there. Then, I want to hear from you what you've done, and after that I have some new products, requirements, so. And after that we have to make decisions what we will do, and then we're ready, we have 40 minutes for this meeting after that we'll have lunch. So first, I want to ask the industrial designer to tell what he did. That's my task. What have I put it? My documents are not. I've saved it on my computer, my presentation. I'm your computer or what? Where? What's the name? What's the name of it? It was about the working of the remote control. It's the Daniel function or the functional requirements. Not to kick off. Working design. I saved it. Now I don't know where it is. Working design. It is product documents. And I'm part this and two in desktop. One, two, three, four. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. That's the empty one. And I had one presentation. Open it. Okay, here it is. Okay. Very good. A little later, but there it is. Okay. It's a little difficult. What I'm going to tell you is about the working of the remote control. I just had a half an hour to study it. I don't get it. Ten minutes to tell it. Okay. I think it will be a few minutes. First I will tell you something about the findings. What I discovered about the remote control. Working about it. Then I'll have some kind of map. It's the top of the remote control with a little bit of science. What I'll think about it. First, the findings. The remote control is a very difficult thing to explain. Just all of you who haven't seen the remote control inside. There's a lot of plastic on it because it's not so expensive. There are a lot of wires which connect the components in it, the battery and switches and things like that. It's a lot of small electronics. It won't be too expensive to build it. It's the 12 euro 50. I think we'll make it. Here I have the top of the remote control. Here's some kind of chip. On top of this, there are the numbers. You have all your remote control and the teletext button. Here's the battery. When you push the button, it will be sent to the chip. The chip will send it to all kind of sub components. That's what I said. It's very difficult. After that, it will be sent to the infrared. That will send it to your television. There's a short how it works. I think I can make it difficult. We all don't get it. It won't be too big. Also for the cost. We should only put one battery on it, a long lasting battery. Also for the cost. Use only plastic, not other materials. Also because of the cost. Not too much buttons on it. We can also make a button with a menu button. Then you will see it on a TV. On a TV you can switch into the menu. I think it's easier. The bleep signal. You thought it was. We can also use it a bleep like something. When the battery is empty, then there's a bleep. You'll have to change it in a week or something. Also the bleep. When you lost it, you push the button. Then you will bleep. We will find it. Two questions. The battery. One battery is cheaper. Why? If we use only one small pen light, then it will be cheaper. You can use it two times longer. Then we will have to make the remote control long lasting. The size of the remote control. In the buttons, when you use it on the television, you need the television which can use it. We sell it in our company. Or is it also for other television? I think we have to use it on other television. This is an option. Maybe just a menu button to use it on our television. We make it easier for our television. You can also use it on television. I think there are two different things. We have to choose one. It has to work on all television. I think the menu button will only work on the newer television. We will look forward and don't make remote control. I have one more idea. Maybe it's one of your tasks. To have a trendy remote control, we can also make something like Nokia mobile phones to change covers. If you have a trendy house with all red yellow and something, then you can put a red cover on it. Also, different things. We will just add to the cost. Then it won't be, we will have just one cover on the original one. Then you can buy the covers. You have to be able to change it to make it more difficult to design. I think it will be a little more difficult, but not too much. Just like with Nokia mobile phones. You have to be able to buy more Nokia phones. We will have to put five covers on it and see if it works. If it won't work, then we will get something else. We won't go further with it. Are the profits bigger than the cost? I think it will be a good idea to make a cover in China. But also design costs. I don't think when you have a remote control, do you change the cover? Maybe I won't. Maybe I think trendy people or children, when you can paint on it and the children think of it. Oh, this is my remote control. I made a picture on it. I think people will change it for good profit. The other people do you think about it? It's a good idea, but I'm not sure if it will make profit enough. It's an original idea. I don't think we have to do it. You're the project manager. That's it. Thank you. Now the user interface design. I'll give a short talk about the technical function design. I thought the technical function design was for a remote control to have some influence on the TV set. Both audio and video in a cordless way, no cords attached. And well, it all by pushing a button on the remote. That was from my own experience and the previous meeting. I find some interesting quotes on the web. Well, the same idea here. Message to the television. And well, basic operations like on and off and switching channels. And maybe a teletext or something like that. Well, these are two remote. And that's our dilemma, I think. We just heard from the industrial designer how difficult it is. But shall we make a basic remote control with just swapping channels and volume and the power button and well, nothing much more or more functions on the remote. And maybe more devices you can influence radio or a video recorder. Yeah, well, that's our dilemma. Any ideas about that? Basic or multifunctional? We were good back on that later. Okay, yeah. That was just on my mind. So I didn't know what way we would go. Yeah, well, but it was my functional talk. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I'm going to have a presentation about the market, about what people think. We did usability lab test with 100 persons. And we looked at several things among them design. Did they like the use of it? What for stage in the yet? Well, using remote controls. Well, what will be our market? And we asked them if we had some new features. If there will be a good idea or not. Well, our findings. Our users, they dislike the look and feel of current remote controls. They especially found them very ugly. And they also found them hard to learn how to use it. Well, they also set a lot. So, a set thing should be very easy. And 50% of the users only use 10% of the buttons. So, a lot of unused bitness. There is more findings on the bitness. Which bitness find users very important and which not. And how much do they use them? Well, the most used bitness is the channel selection. And we asked them how well-offent they think the bitness are. The power volume and channel selections are very well-offent. Tailatex is less well-offent but also important. Not important. They found the audio. It is not the volume bit specific. The pitch or the left or right. The screen and the brightness and channel settings. And they also are not used very often. Then we have a few graphs about the market. Here we can see what the market share is of several groups. As you can see, most users are between 36 and 45. The younger group between 6 and 25 is not very big. And to come back on the swapping things. I don't think the younger will be most interested in it. But they are not a very big group. And here we asked them how would you like a new feature? If you have an LCD on the remote control, what would you think of it? Now you can clearly see young users say from A. They will be very nice. And all the users think they are a bit scared of change. I think they won't like it. And another thing. How would you like to have speech recognition on it? Well, you have to see the same young users. I think that's an interesting idea. And old users. Not. Well, we found out that I are two several markers at which we can aim. The first are the younger. The age between 16 and 45. They are highly interested in the features, as you can see here. And they are more critical on their money spending. The second group is the older group, the age between 46 and 65. They are less interested in new features. But they spend their money more easily. Now, if you look back at this graph, we can see that among the first group is about 60% and the second group about 40%. So the first group is bigger. Well, then I come to my personal preferences. The first question is also we have to ask, is at which mark do we aim at? Of course, saying we aim at the young group doesn't say that all people won't buy it, but less of them will buy it. Well, I, what I fact, even young people say it's hard to use remote control. So if you make a remote control, that is very easy to use. That's especially aimed at this group. And the young group will also be more interested. And we can make special features, but I think it looks nice in the first time. But when you use it, I don't know what's the good thing of speech recognition. Well, that's my second point. Less important functions should be discarded from the remote control. The first question we had earlier, you can find most functions on a DV set. So you don't have to have a lot of audio options or screen options to change the brightness and these things. Well, the design is very important. One thing I didn't say, I think, is that a lot of users also said that I will buy a good working remote control if there will be one, but they found most remote controls very ugly. So the design of our remote control is very important. And yeah, it should be very self-friendly as most users use it for that. That were my findings. Okay. So if one question, if we aim for the younger people, and there will be a lot of features like LCD or the speech recognizing, the cost will be a lot higher. I think we don't have that in our budget. No. Do you think? I don't think 25 euros for a remote is really cheap or something. So it's hard to get the younger. I think LCD is cheaper than speech recognition. I think that can be a good option. LCD. Just the LCD. Yes. Only the LCD. So, but we'll get back on that. Okay. Now. Go on. What? The dim. We'll get better. Back on the decisions later. No. We have a few new product requirements. First, teletext. We have internet now, so we don't need the teletext anymore. So, not necessary. Next. Only for the television. So, we don't look at other things like the radio or something. Only the television. Third. We look at the 8-group of 40-plus. No, younger than 40. Big group. And like you showed, not very much people by our stuff. Fort point. Our corporate color and slogan must be used. Very important for the design. So, you can see it on our side. Next. Um. We have to make our decisions what we want to do. So, like you said, we need the AFK. Maybe it's good to put it in the document. We have to decide what controls do we need. So, maybe you can tell us. Maybe we can first have a discussion on the project requirements you just said. Sorry. The requirements you just said. Maybe you should first have a discussion about that. I personally think that teletaxes are a good option. Not everyone who is lucky to see can go to internet when they want to see the latest news. But we don't use it. So, you require. It's not my requirements. Well, just have to do that. We have to do this. Okay. Unfortunately. So, what controls do we need? Well, power button. Okay. Power. Well, I think separate channels. Uh, channel. But then both the separate channels. So, so zero to nine or something. Zero to nine. Uh, volume. Maybe it's easy to pick what was your one. Technical line. So, that's functional requirements. We have. Where was that example? The L mine. Yeah. That was the. The technical. Hello. Okay. What do we need? All off. Zero to nine. To change to the next channel. Just one button. To move up, move down. Yeah, that's the channel. Do we make a menu? Menu. Uh, there's two new televisions to have menus. Menu. I think, um, there. Only one or two. Nomash. Yes. And. Yeah. I think it will be quite easy to use. Uh, for a vote. Up down for channel selection. Left, right. Uh, volume. And, uh, a menu, uh, button. And if you press the menu, you get into the menu. So, we're going to use the same buttons. But to tend to scroll to the menu and change the options. On the LCD screen. You mean? Well, yeah, that depends on if you have a menu on the TV. Or you get a menu on the LCD screen on the remote control. I think it's better to have it on the remote control. Because it has to work on all televisions. So. Yes. But if we have. But well, if we aim at the younger market, um, as they, as we seen in the usability lab, they will buy a nice looking. Remote control. And also to find the easy to use, uh, part very important. So if you have LCD screen and not too many buttons, I think that will increase, uh, even when it's a bit more cost, it will still sell. So. Now we don't have a lot of buttons. There's enough mute. Maybe in the menu. Yeah, but then it's always more than one. New thing to do. Okay. Maybe more. No. Well. Then that's all. This will be the buttons. And. I think it's enough for the next phase. So. You can go on to. But now we have only the buttons. And, uh, we don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like or. No, that's for the next phase. Okay. If it's a good. Phase two is the conceptual design. So. Okay. Then we'll have the concepts. That's for the next point. Now we've lunch break. After that, we've 30 minutes for work. And you can find the minutes in the project document for the inclusive. The buttons. No. You're in the video action. You can find them in the email. So now it's time for lunch. Okay. Okay. Good. Thanks. Okay. Let's just. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.