 . . . . So, where's that PowerPoint presentation? Sorry? Next, that's PowerPoint, right? Right, okay. So, right. Okay, so we've got... So, we've got new project requirements. So, basically we've got three things. We've got 40 minutes in which to... We've got this meeting to discuss the videos options. Three presentations. We have a... I guess we have a presentation, so I've got one. Yeah. I see. Right. That's nice to know. One from each of you. New project requirements. So, do we want to do the presentation first or do we want to... I got three things, basically, relating to... I'm not being only for TV, we discussed that last time. And, in actual fact, I was pretty well what we came up with anyway. So, in fact, actually we would be for storm in our scenes. We've got teletext outdated. Did you get any information on that? Yeah. Right. And the corporate image was the final thing. So, I got that in email form. Right. Okay. So, I guess if we go ahead with the three presentations, so we'll start with yourself on the basis that... I'll just log out there. Sorry. Yep. Oh. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. This is quite working. I'll finish with that. Again, not doing anything. It's usually a little thing at the top right. I'll go with this. I passed it off five times now. Okay, let's do that. Okay. Okay. Let's go again. Where's it going? I think I should be at this point. Okay. Where's that? Okay. I'm going to be looking at the working design. I'm going to be looking at the remote control. I've just got three sections first. There was a search I made on the remote control itself. And then I involves the components required in the systems that design of the actual, the actual right. So, having research these existing models within the market, my first research I'll be internet. I've established what the components required for the remote control is in which these components interact together for the remote to actually do what you want to do and how it connects with the television. The basic components are an energy source, which I guess, in most of these models, will be a battery supply, where there'll be sort of two batteries for batteries, and it may vary. We then have the user interface, which is basically the buttons on the actual remote, and the various functions is changing channel, channel F and down one, and things like that. There's also a chip inside the remote, which there's all the computer type things, and then a sender, which is usually, I've found an infrared device, which sends a signal to the actual television. The nice part is receiver, which is important in the system, which is actually part of the remote itself, because that's obviously found in the television. I'm going to have to actually draw on the board because it was a little tricky on PowerPoint to get it to work, and so let's go through there. Do you have a class to wipe the sound with or? There's the rubber on the right, I think. What? It's magic. Okay, so we start off with a power supply, which probably means it's probably going to be the battery. We then have a particular button, which maybe, we know that there's obviously lots and lots of different buttons, but this has the basic system works. If it works, you press out a sense message to the chip, which sends the sort of interprets which button you press, and then sends the appropriate message to the sender. So that's the remote in the self, that's the components of the moment, how to work together. So this is the user interface. This is the chip itself, which then sends the sender, that's the infrared, and then on the set, putting we have on the television, we have a receiver, and the sender sends a message to the receiver. Okay. So the top is the power source, yes? Yes, it's the power source. Okay. So the top is the power source, yes? Oh, yes, it's the power source. Okay. So we're going to, personal preference, as I've said, the battery seems the best option for the actual remote, just because of the size you don't have a cable attached to the remote, it's not really remote. And then the sender, the infrared, has been used quite successfully, if the battery is on reasonable power, they will seem to work for anyway. They'll have to be pointed directly at the television itself. So the battery is the in the sender. Okay, and that's it for the moment. Okay. So now we're design. Thank you. Mine's not quite as complicated as it was last. That's what we like to hear. Yeah, I'll pass the mic. Thank you. Oh, the control function. Oh. Okay. So I'm going to talk a bit about the technical functions design. Louisa, the user interface designer, as you know. So the basic method of this is to send a signal from the remote to the television set, so that the desired function is performed. An example of the function could be to change the volume up or down. And obviously, you need two different buttons for that. To change the channel, either by pressing the number that you want or by channel up or down, to switch the television on or off, maybe a standby button. Here are two example of the notes. By the look of it, the both have kind of play and fast forward rewind functions. So I think the incorporate a kind of video function, which we won't have to worry about. But as you can see, the left remote is quite busy looking, quite complicated, whereas the right remote is much simpler. It looks much more user friendly. So my personal preference would be the right remote. So it's got nice big buttons. It's got a very limited number of buttons. The nice kind of clearly labeled. I like the use of the kind of symbols, like the triangles and the squares, and the arrows, as well as the words on the empty play functions or that. So it's very user friendly. It's got a little splash colour. Could maybe do a small colour. Well, there's a couple of things there. We have to remember that we have our own nougal and colour scheme. Basically, we'd have to be putting that on the product. Do we get to see that? I haven't as yet. But I got an email that basically said to make sure that whatever device we come up with at the end of the day had to incorporate the colour and smog. So I'm guessing that I noticed on the bottom there it's got that EPU, GEE, that might be the colour scheme, although the only colour I can see in that is the red. Would you be able to get rid of the expense here, the circular section, the circular section, the starting switch for the video as well, so we could dispense with that a little bit as well and then get it down to just the numbers in the volume. I think that's exactly what you're saying. Or just a small bit, I think that's still why I'm a video remote parts and maybe we can get rid of that as well. And I don't really think that I need my numbers. I mean, how often do you set it at 9? I think just 1, 6, and no channel up and down should be enough. Well, for general television purposes, obviously you have channels 1 to 5 at this point in time and we'd have to have some room for future such channels. So people used to see us if we didn't have them. Well, possibly, but the other thing is that with the current expansion of channels and the process of taking place, certainly the button up and down. But I mean, how many channels do we have to, actual television channels? Do we have to prepare for? I would have thought that the fact that it's forever expanding and although you've got the 5 standard, you've got the BBC have come up with a further 6. And I don't know exactly how many channels there are when you take into account Sky and Vary's Sothers. So I would have thought that we wouldn't, you know, rather than, okay, if the time of flicking from one to other but presumably it'll take a second because you have to be able to stop it. Maybe you could have a fast forward on the channels and then you could dispense with more otherwise. You want to get fairly quickly to the channel that you wanted. Like bypass, 25. Yeah, I suppose in a sense you could have them if you've got 100 channels. Then if you had sort of an easy way of getting rather than go one to 100, you could go one to 10, 10 to 20 and then have a certain button to get you to the actual channel you want. And that would cut down your time. But I think a lot of them, like, keep on Sky and stuff, that'll be tuned into one channel and then you'd have another remote for all of those channels to get to 55 and the higher number. Whatever. Okay. Okay, number to number of buttons, user friendly. Fast forward is 9, it's not really excessive. As a Zoon9 you've got the last one which makes a 10 to me, it's like a multiple things you put them together so you can make any number. So with that, we can bypass any problems. Well, that's true. Yeah, you could get 50 by 5 and a zero whatever that makes sense. This facilitates having all of them as good as we do. Yeah. That's. So what was the circular thing that you were? I think that's just for a video. So we wouldn't need any battle. So we get that. If it's just for TV, which is what it is at the moment. We get a hundred buttons that we got. It's got 10, 11. We have 14 that we need, I guess. Which isn't really too many, I'll be quite easy to make these guys for a four-week battle. Well, we've got this remote for TV only otherwise project. We've become too complex with which we'd end danger of the time to market. It was one of the considerations. I don't know. Did you have that information being the marketing? Or was I meant to give you that information? I'm not sure. I had some market information. Right. No, from the company. Right. Okay. So basically, time to market seems to be important. Therefore, speed of delivery. We've only got about another four hours left. Okay. So is everyone happy with that? Yeah. Right. We'll ask the end of my presentation. I think we should give this happen too. Yeah, I think she said 20 seconds to... I'm sure I'll have my answer today. Okay, let me go. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. There we go. Right. We've done some research into the functional requirements that people want out of their remote control. And first of all, we should state that the remote controls were controlling the TV. And how do people use it? We ask them sort of which buttons were useful for them. How does remote control look and feel for them and what improvements would they like to remote control? And we did that by sort of giving them a questionnaire that we prepared and asking them to fill in the answers. And three quarters of them found that the remote controls were ugly. And that a sort of even higher proportion would spend more or sort of a fancier remote control. And that of all the buttons on the remote control, the sort of setting buttons for sort of the picture and brightness and the audio settings. And they weren't used very often at all. People concentrated on the channel buttons and the volume buttons and the power buttons. We also asked them about speech recognition for remote control. And young people were quite receptive to this. But as soon as we got sort of over about into 35 to 40 age, 45 age group and older. People were quite so keen on speech recognition. And there's a lot more older people who didn't know whether they wanted it or not as well. We also asked what frustrated people about remote controls. And the number one frustration was that the remote was lost somewhere else in the room. And they couldn't find it. And the second biggest frustration was that if they got a new remote control, it was difficult to learn all the buttons and all the functions and to find your way around it. Okay. So, this is a preference is from the marketing. Is that we need to call it some sort of sleek, sort of good looking high tech, the design which looks high tech basically. And that we should call it with fewer buttons than most of the controls on the market. And we should sort of concentrate on the channels and the power and also volume. So, as Louisa said, we could maybe come up with a menu, sort of an LCD menu for other functions on the remote control, as worth thinking about. And maybe we could think about speech recognition as well because so young people are perhaps the ones that are going to buy our new products if we aim it. And we could think about using speech recognition as a way to sign the control if it is lost in a room rather than sort of having it to just be recognition to change the channel. And the problem with that in that the television makes noise so it could end up talking to itself and changing its channel. Okay. And at the end of this slide, you. What was that last wee bit there? About speech recognition. But that was only for young people that preferred that older people didn't... Yeah, they said that they'd be interested in remote control which offered that possibility. And as you go up through the age groups, people got less and less interested in sort of a remote control that you can talk to. And what I'm going to think is, I seem to technology be quite advanced for, and am I end up casting more than I have 1250 budget? Yeah. Well, I was trying to be a technician. And possibly the thing about the battery mode being lost, you know, you know, your mobile phone, you lose that, you can ring it, maybe you can have some kind of sense which just kept them away, you can just kind of buzz a system between the two. Yeah. So you can pass a bell which is always kept in one place and then it buzzes to you. Yeah, some miles. Where have they been actually? Yeah, we'd have to put two products together as well which is true. Which again, we'll do a bit of that. And then there's key rings and that you can whistle at a clap back, a clap on them back. Yeah. And then the whistle back or something like that. Sound reasonable. I guess it's an old task to the, or like the same technology could be put inside there. Well, you're trying to avoid having a second product because obviously you could have a second product that gave you the right pitch which would set the remote off to say, here I am sort of like, you know, without sound recognition. But if you, I know, I'm just going to say a sharp noise, clapping of hand or whatever. You want to try and just have the one product that, if, yeah, if we can have it in the actual mode, everything in one. Yeah. I don't know. Talk about, I mean, obviously if you've got voice recognition, then you can do it in that way because it will recognize the voice and you can give it a command, a set command, whatever that happened to be. Yeah. But you then go to the point if you're not going with voice recognition. This is an option to turn it off or. Yeah. So I was so with problems with the TV, can I speak into the mode and changing it? So, any, well, any conclusions? Would it take quite a while to sort of develop this feature recognition software in the remote control? If it does, then we can't. Yeah, it's that simple because we've got three primary requisites from an email that was sent to me. Whereby we had the design logo was one, which we've already mentioned. We've got the remote was only for the television and not for because that would make it too complex and we have to get it marked quickly. The third thing was that teletext as far as the management is concerned has become outdated due to the popularity of the internet. So that means that. So these are the sort of three extra parameters that have been put on this project. So we're being focused effectively directly at a television and it seems to me that the management is wanting us to go down a narrow path and not opening it. So anything that is to be added such as voice recognition, etc. Has to be very simple and has to be very quick because time to market is critical. But as we could guess something in which was quite quick and simple, I would give us an advantage of other modes. It would. But probably quick and simple is primary rather than added extras, added extras would be nice. But primary considerations to get the project finished within this short time window, which effect when there was sort of four hours. So, and we're going to get to the end. I think I think first and foremost we're going to get to the end and then get to the end with some added extras if possible. Okay. One screws this. So, I need to. Right. I don't know how long we have left over time. But we have to make the decisions on the remote control functions and how we're planning to proceed so that at the next. Each person that's got a task to do is clear from this meeting what that task is. Also, when the next meeting is I, so we'll know how long we've got to complete that task. And then we can report back at the next meeting and see, right, okay, yes, we've achieved this or we haven't achieved this. This is how far we've progressed. Does that make reasonable sense? Yeah. So, we have to come effectively to the decision on the remote functions so that you can decide what you're going to be doing. And if between the time of this meeting finishing and the next meeting starting, if you get any additional information that only you have at that point in time, you think we'll be relevant to other people in terms of their decision making process then we should communicate that as quickly as possible and not wait until the next meeting. Do it via the email so that rather than coming you know, if you get the information just before the next meeting that's fine, come along with the next meeting, we can discuss it then and take whatever actions appropriate. But if you get it well before the next meeting, let everybody else know because that might have an impact on what they come up with effectively at that next meeting. Okay. All right, as I said, do you need to decide on the functions? I would guess so. I think it would be really easy, a big advantage if we did have some sort of kind of whistle bath kind of function. Because I also kind of the frustration of losing it. Yeah, that was the number one sort of frustration people said. So, I don't think there's anything else on the market that does that. Yeah. I don't really know about the voice recognition thing. Well, we should concentrate just in the whistle bath. Something simple. If the primary consideration is to get it there in time, time short, you want something to meet the major concerns of the consumer so that we can have it as a selling point for the product. Something that's quick and simple. And that won't be cut off the kind of older generation either because several can whistle a clap. And there wouldn't have to be kind of stated this way. So, maybe a clap rather than a whistle would be on the basis that if we've got catering to the whole age range, you want something that's easy to do. Something that I wish I, well, I don't know. Well, if you think that more people can whistle than clap, then that's fine. Then go for that option. But if I would have put more people could clap rather than whistle. So, clap option. Yeah. Okay. We already decided that we don't need a teletext, but we have it. Effectively, that's what they're saying that if people are now using the internet, then you don't need teletext. So, take out teletext. Do we decide on having the 10 numbers? Yeah, I think so. I think it's your next year, which can enable to put things down. I think nowadays you can just get ones where it gives you a sort of a second or two to press another number. Yeah. So, you can press any two and it all sort of put them together. Okay, 10 numbers and then some kind of device to allow, yeah, I'll put delayed joy. Yeah, not for them. For most of the future. Yeah. So, you've decided anything about the other functions as in setting the audio and tuning it and stuff like that. You had an idea about the menu? We could possibly put it out there sort of, the LCD menu in, but that again is probably an expense. But just thinking people probably, I mean, you don't even have to put the Tv1s, but you have to be able to tune it that once. Yeah. So, if you're doing a Tv8 scan, you only going to have to be able to tune it. You can't really find that. No. Because I've a new digital market for you to do it by themselves. Yeah. But that's relying on the television market changing to an automatic. And if it is at the moment, that's fine, but at the moment it's not. So, it seems to me that you have to have a device that caters because otherwise it would make it your device would become, you know, or only operable in certain circumstances and the idea is to have an international market, which is. And it's also, it's the product we've got is something that's the, I would have said, the lower end of the cost scale. So, we're not really going for something that's. I suppose I might take. If people are buying remotes, then they're probably buying it through a place, another remote. Possibly? Yeah, I think we're going to come with remote. That's right. I mean, we're maybe talking about replacing remotes for slightly older television. So, we maybe need to keep the tuning function in. Yeah. So, how does manufacturing work with you? Maybe you have like one menu, the other menu, the other buttons. And then the buttons, to actually use that function. Yeah, that's a big good idea. Yeah. Because you do need, kind of, brightness and contrast, everything as well. I'd have to watch the film the other week when it was too dark. So, I think we're going to go through it to the right, this one. So, usually we're going to have the individual numbers, and then a menu function, and maybe sort of slightly more advanced instruction booklets, and we're going to go with it to guide. I think it'd be quite hard just for people to grasp, just stuff like the menu that you've arranged. The different buttons, really, have to have some better instructions. Yeah, that's the way it. I'm not sure whether sort of having people have a booklet. Because the second most annoying thing that people found was to learn. So, the new one. Right, okay. So, maybe next to each of the buttons, each of them could have a number, and then also a function that next to it. So, you're basically messing. But that also goes back to the original design of sort of those two. And it was all in the left hand side, which had a way to double-hand shape and stuff, which kind of looked too busy. And it's right on it, so. Okay. Well, I'll keep it up. Well, take some text as well. Have you seen the original two of your kind of, um, bottom bits, like, down? So, it's kind of, like, every time for the author. So, you don't need that much, you don't have the same one. That's a very good idea. So, it's so sad. So, you keep, um, we've got five minutes before we wind up. There's meetings, so I've been told. I don't know if you've got the same. I'm not quite sure. Okay. So, keep, um, keep detailed functions, um, hidden at the back. And that would be better for the older generations as well, because, well, my dad doesn't like anything, but it kind of lifts him in anyway. But it's been pretty much read a button. So, it's a weird problem. So, um, we're going to have to have to work out what's going to be on these other functions as well. So, we're going to have, like, two set, uh, two set, at least. Yeah. We do have functions hidden at the back. So, it can bring out where needed. The detailed ones will be sort of brightness. Oh, that's right. So, we're, so you've got which ones are going to be on the front? Which ones are going to be at the back? So, we have to decide. Which one's the next couple of minutes? Yeah. Okay, so, so on, uh, so on the front. But then, then, then, then. Numbers. Oh, yeah. We have a mute button as well. Sorry? A mute button as well. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Oh. And it's probably power on as well. I don't know. I don't totally like, um, not in a shoot or move. Yeah. But, um, the whole thing about not using standby, uh, because it's, uh, like, waste, just having to have a scene to add there. Like, if you boil the kettle, that's probably, um, yeah, because you can't stand by it. Power's black, so it's not a touch. So, shall we really try to discourage people from standby? But then, then, they might not buy everything and go. Yeah. Yeah, maybe too much of a big issue for, yeah. Yeah. So, so you're having to stand by on the front, then? I think you probably should. Yeah, but a little bit smaller. Yeah. Probably. Well, that's a good one. And then, then, then, then we're going to have a channel up and down as well as a number of letters. Um, because, yeah, the market research said there was quite a lot of people do just zapping around. Yeah. Flicks. So you've got 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. Uh, channel up and down. What else we got? What was that, 16? This is 10. Volume is... Volume button. How many volumes? One up, one down. Okay. On you. And I'm moving it. That's 16, is it? So anything else? Um... I don't think so. Probably wasn't stand by channel up and down. So I was at it. Yeah, she was there. Okay. And it's 16 button, Jurek and... And then, at the back. You've got brightness and contrast. Maybe we're going to run out of time, one of the show's come over list of these, and then get back in the next week, just at the start. Okay. So on the back. I love brightness, contrast. Anything else? You're also going to have the channel, Tuna and her. How's it where? So Tuna, up and down, I guess. Tuna, would that have up and down? Yeah. Oh, Tuna. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then maybe sort of an end to a button, sort of, you know, saying that you want that particular thing tuned in. So you go up and down and then it... Oh, yeah. ...finance of any one of this lines, and then to select again. I guess the keeping is simple. I mean, in any other words, you have function, which is just only like, or, yeah, I would have function. Yeah. So I think there is quite a lot of like, doggies around, so do, so there are sort of things. Yeah. Do they have their own controls on their actual products? Or do you have to do a via the internet? I think they've got all the controls in this kind of like hidden panel. And since we got the, I think they've got their own controls on the voidet files. Yeah. Oh, no, I mean, like there's kind of individual buttons. Oh, okay. Like on the TV, but I don't really know what, for what I've never used them. I've known it's something to do with... Maybe unless it comes out, then you should have... Well, you might get some research on it. Yes. Let's relook into that and then just get back to that. Okay. Right. So I'll do the minutes of this meeting, and we'll meet back. I'm not sure. 40 minutes, I believe. Is the time? Okay. Okay. Come on, you. Okay. Come on, you.