 It's from the last meeting which were essentially that we had decided on rules for each of you. However, there are some changes that I've got from on high that are a bit there. What I didn't actually realize was that this is for a specific television. So they're all in one idea because I don't know. And they require that they... I'll get to that as you see it's point number four. And we'll get what you've got and then we can see what we're going to do from it. So presentations, were you... Anybody got? Yeah. Wearing to go. I need to plug you in. I'm not just a... It's a... inspired design. Do you want me to move? I'm just going to screw it in. I'm going to swap the lines. And then... With function f8. f8. Let's see, we blew one of the hearts out of the f8. Should do it. Yeah. Me again, Raj as a marketing expert. As we have decided in the last meeting that I have to find out. Someone's fine. If you just go ahead. Actually, sorry. I have to see the other sounds. Sorry. Yeah, thank you. Yes, I have to look at the market potential for this product. And like consumer liking and everything. What is the potential for this product? And are we able to achieve this our net profit or our aim? So, not then... Press f5. Sorry. Okay. Yeah, I can... Okay. Then the methodology I adopted to find out all this was market survey. A detailed market survey on consumers was done to find out their liking and disliking. But they prefer, but they not prefer, but what problems they do encounter in all these type of things. And what we got first, we found that... Thank you. But they... What problems they are having with the grant remote controls available in the market? 75% of users, they find that the remote controls available in the market are ugly. They are not so good looking. So, we have to put stress on this. We have to take care of this factor also like our design should be appropriate, should be good looking for the consumers. And yes, this will definitely... This can definitely put in house our sales. And even the good thing about this is that 80% of users, they are willing to pay more for this good looking remote controls also. So, even if the available market cost for the available remote control is less, even then we can sell it at 25 euros, which may seem quite high. But if our looks are... If the remote control we design have a better look, better designs, then we can hope that consumers will prefer these remote controls. And the second thing, some companies think that they should have more and more functions of the users in their remote controls. But rather than those having more functions in the remote controls, we should emphasize what actually consumer wants, what they operate, rather than making it too complicated. Because mostly it has been found that 50% of the users, they use only 10% of the buttons. So, there is no fund of having 90% buttons making the remote controls too bulky, too complicated, too expensive. And because I think I believe that technologies use will only if the consumers they want to use it. Otherwise, there is no fund of having all this type of thing. So, this will not only reduce the cost of our remote controls, but it will increase our profit also. So, we have to take care of this factor also. It was function I want to go. Oh, you are going to go back just to escape. Then, if we look at this slide, these are your shared documents, you can see. I was just going to say what was the question for us. Are you coming onto that? Look at the market potential. But how we should design our remote controls, what it should be there. So, as to enhance our profit. So, these are different age group persons. Like, sorry, I cannot open it in another name. Speechwork here. If we look at the cost, whether the consumers they are willing to pay more for speech recognition in their remote control or not, we can find that the up to a 35 year age group, we have a very good disliking for this point like for speech recognition in their remote control. So, we can emphasize on this point also. Because it will definitely enhance our sales in this particular age group from 15 to 35. And I think that most of the users of the TV are belong to this age group. We should look at who buys it as well. Yeah, we can look at that factor also. Which other 25 to 35 is usually? Yeah. And... Yes. It ends up. If we look at this data, how, what are the problems because the consumers are facing with the existing remote controls in the market? They find that 35% or 34% of the consumers they find too difficult to operate in remote control. So, it should be in such a way that it should be easy to learn how to operate these remote controls and we should provide proper manuals, Fires use also. So, as that consumers could easily learn and in order to have any much technical knowledge to see to know how to operate these remote controls. So, this is also a very major factor to take into consideration to enhance our profits and sales. So, this is all about market potential by me. Yes. Okay, thank you. Following with Helen? Yep, sure. That's cool. And we have to... Oh, so we do. Oh, so we do. One of the games... Sorry. But it's the cable's going to be longer. I just can't get over whatever runs over the years. But I have this one outside, don't I? Okay. Thank you very much. I'm ready to click here. That's okay. Before it's ready to help. Okay. And then what do I press F8? F8. Function F8. Alright. Okay, cool. It's not coming. Oh. Function F8, again. Yeah. Yeah, no signal. There you go. Computer. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then how do I press the big one to get it off to the... F5. F5 and I press that again to get it all. That's why I press F5. And the cable bring it back and just the left button for advanced. Okay. So I'm the interface designer user interface designer. Sorry. I'm concerned with what effect the operator should have on the user. And I'm also... I want to point out that our motto put the fashion in electronics. So obviously, as a company we want to make our products trendy and passionate. It's a big concern about it. Okay. And how do I press the next button? Just a left there. Okay. Left. So I looked at existing designs and also the information that Raj gave us was very useful about what people like, what people dislike. And what people fashionable because we said people between 25 and 35 were the main buyers of our TV, I think. So what they like and what they find fashionable and ergonomics research. I don't know, I've actually been able to do any of this myself, but maybe that comes up, I don't know. And the findings, well, that was a basic function, send messages to the television set. That's what people want to do. So they need to be included. But I've got some pictures here of some leading ones. I don't know how to get some. If you're a scape, then you can see your bar. Oh, okay, cool. I've got my glasses on, so I hope it fits on. These are two leading remote controls at the moment. You know, they're gray. I mean, this one's got loads of buttons. It's hard to tell from here what they actually do. And they're in, very exciting at all. Personally, I prefer this one just because it looks easier to use. It's a bit more sleek with more of this silver stuff. But there you go, that's what we're up against. And I think we can do much better than that. I hope so. Hang on. Okay, sorry. Personal preferences. Well, I think we need to, I think the ergonomics is quite important. Particularly, there was a bit in the RSI and things as well. And I thought not too edgy and like a box, more kind of handheld more. Not as a computer and organic. Organic, more organic shape, I think. Simple designs. Like the last one we just saw, not too many buttons. And as a Raj pointed out, only 10%, 50% of people only use 10% of the buttons. So I think what we can miss out on the buttons we can make up for in design and how nice it is. Hand held and portable, I think, is important. Because TFT have just released, I think, is it a remote control for presentations or in the big screen anyway. So, yeah, anyway, so handheld and portable. And I thought about other functions for TV, but as you pointed out, people don't actually want that. And also the company wants to keep it stuck to the TV for, to keep them stuck to the TV. It's the one TV. Oh, right, okay. Sure. And so the last thing I thought, which I quickly mentioned in the other one, was maybe a bit of a gimmick to set us apart from other people, like blowing the dark. Perfect. Which, it does already exist, but it's not very widely used. I think easy finder with a whistle function or something, or rechargeable station because it's pain when you run out of batteries. And I think that, yeah, that's it. That's cool. So I know it's for talk about speech recognition and whistling. And I just curious now, have we done any research into how many people can whistle? Or is that a function we want in the remote? Do you have trouble with the... I don't, but I know a lot of people do, really? Yeah, it just... I mean, it has to be a certain kind of whistle TV. Yeah, it's a whistle, it's true. But you could have the... You could have the basically instead of a whistle, if it's got the voice recognition, you could have it just, you know, where are you? Yeah. It's costly though. Much easier thing is just any loud noise, like clapping, shouting, you know. And then, would the response be a beep, a back and you, or something? Yeah, something. Okay. Well, I said this up. So plug it in, press F5. Function F5? Function F8 for the function F8. Yeah. Not that. I need to twit over the thing you've got to think. I think it's just lacking in. It's good. Okay. As the industrial designer, my job is to take an input from you guys. So it's good you went first. And I jotted down some notes as to what are the needs. And we'll kind of novel features we can add to differentiate our product from the others. Siraj told us that consumers are going to spend more for fancy products. And you also mentioned that the current products don't always match users operating behavior. A lot of the buttons aren't used. And I mentioned that they're not fun to use. And a novel feature, which you just brought up with this automatic speech recognition feature or noise detection feature. For when you lose your remote, there could be a little microphone on it. And any noise over a certain threshold, it'll pick up as a distress signal from you. And I'll be back and say, no, here I am. Surely that would have to be specific rather than above a threshold. Because if you had a live movie on you, like, they get it. Oh, yeah. You could pick back at you. Well, maybe you could have a, that would be a consideration taking the count. Sorry, didn't mean to do anything. Yeah, well, that's for later down the road. And then as for the user interface, it should be trendy. I'm not computer, so more low tech and not too many buttons. So I took these on to consideration. And also I have some limitations from the boss. And practical limitations, which I kind of threw out the window. And so I did a little research. And unfortunately, all I had to work on was our corporate archives of the great products we've made before, which include spacecraft, coffee makers, and bullet trains. Oh, is that what they are? Or high speed trains. Right. And having personally worked with all these products, I have a great deal of experience with the industrial design. If you can build spacecraft, you'll have no problem with our control. I figured just put them all together. We had a caffeine-powered space shuttle train transport to your TV. And as for the user interface problem, you know, too many buttons. Give it one button. And it's through the cowboy and all of us. I'm not quite sure what the function is there. Well, I like that design. I mean, you could have a... Is that just switches on the speed recognition that it's entirely speech-operated? So I think I missed the budget thing. It was 50 million euros. And we got to solve 25 of them. Yeah. Not a problem. I know. It's 50 million euros. We've got... They've got fixed. We've got fixed. We've got fixed. We've got fixed. So we're making that at 12 and a half. You know what I was saying? Well, I guess more realistically than. We need a product that's got some kind of nifty outer casing, cheap plastic. You know, that should be just like a 10 to the price maybe or less. An energy source, which would probably just be your regular batteries. Okay. Would it be possible to have the rechargeable idea? Is that... Or a little bit stationary. Yeah. Yeah. We could do that too. Hand-bounded. Yeah. That might cost more there because obviously with batteries, we don't need to provide... Or we provide the first batteries. Yeah. It's more... It does cheaper. I mean, if you think about these base stations though, it's essentially just a lead with a... So self-connecting brake. So... Right. Okay, I'll press that. The unit is... Okay. The user interface, the canonical user interface for these would be just a bunch of buttons. But since we're a cutting-edge company, we of course will have alternatives like speech recognition, whistling recognition, and rocket power. Okay. And lastly, the transmission interface is just some engineering thing. You don't have to worry about that. Okay. So here's a great schematic that my apprentice designer gave me. As you can see, the remote control have parts and those parts, like that. And so you've got an operating procedure that looks something like that. And as opposed to you all know how it works because we've all used it. And we wouldn't be in a company designing remote controls if we didn't know what they were. Personal preferences, I think, programmable options, which just require a small amount of memory, non-volatile memory, just... So the user can put in their favorite channels and maybe their preferred volume settings that when it turns it on, it's not blasting. That's a good idea, actually. I like the performance of the option. Yeah, you do. And the bells and whistles that we mentioned, you know, take more budgeting, more technical expenditure of effort. And it's also much more likely to not work if we add these bells and essays. Yeah. So all I got. Okay, thank you very much. I'll take that back. Yeah. Right, also. So, you know what I said, got not very long before we think so. Didn't manage to forward onto you is. I'll find it for some. Oh, I think it's good. Yeah, I think it's good. Yeah, just push it. We had that to disinclute tell text because it's become outdated. Nobody uses it in it anyway. Oracle would have to say with that. It's only for the television, which I'm presuming means it's for a specific television. Okay. And instead of colors and sort of color options, they want corporate color and slogan somehow implemented a new design. Corporate color. Yellow. I presume. Everything, all this sort of, you know, the corporate website and everything's yellow. And the local either sort of slogan we put the fashion and electronics. I don't know exactly how to incorporate. I mean, I guess if you're going for a sort of globular shape, you can kind of have it working as way around. And where am I? Okay. So we have to decide on which functions we're going to actually have. Now we had as listed options, we had speech recognition, potentially, flat screen interface, LCD interface. We also want to limit the number of buttons. And we'll pretty much take that one as red. We'll use the basic functions for a television. No teletext. Although the danger with that is it could look a bit cheap. Not enough buttons, you mean the hair. Yeah. Well, it's a striker balance between a few. Or it looks like we're just cutting on the number of buttons. I do, however, have this from over my head. Okay. I don't want teletext on it. Okay. Cool. Maybe Raj, you could find out what people would think about that. Or maybe they'll say about information about that. What people, other people would require teletext in the teletext option. And then look at the teletext. Okay. I take it your position now, always that. The bells and whistles, we've got to come up with a gimmick, but not too complicated, again, again. Yeah. So, I mean, the sort of incoming on-game, little bits of web-channel on-game samples that are quite interested in a TFT display, interactive display. However, that does say in a bit like the more complicated design that Raj has around, as I'd rather, said people didn't like you. Although, I guess, if there's a sort of thing about standard interfaces that people use already, sort of windows style, drop down menus, or whatever, I think maybe that's a bit. Yeah. Going a bit far, but, you know, like in a basic sense, that you could have your basic selection of buttons, and if you hit that sort of menu at the top, you have, it goes to a different selection of buttons, so it keeps it simple. Okay. And going to dark is that, sort of, with a light inside it, or is it, sort of going to dark material? Going to dark material, and I was thinking. So, I guess that would be cheap kind of like. I'll be able to say something about this. Yeah. Actually, I think it's really, really, very important point. As if we look at the market, because people, more, 50% people, they find that the remote controls are often low somewhere in the room. In the room. But from last. Yeah, are low. And means they forget where they have kept the remote control last time. But if we add speech recognition, as well as glowing the dark, and both these factors will help them locating the remote control. Like, if they come and speak something, and the remote control replies to something, something, and it glows in the dark. Both these factors, both these points will help them to locate where they have kept this remote control. And this will definitely enhance our market sales. So, we should take it into consideration also. Okay. So, speech recognition, take it. I don't have no products. But there was a most remote control that came out two years ago that had some basic speech recognition on it. You could program it with your channels, and then say, you know, the BBC One, and it goes to that channel. Yeah, it didn't work very well, though, because of this noise and interference problem, they mentioned, you know, if the television says you are listening to the BBC One. Yeah. Or an advert for BBC Two on BBC One, or switch the channel for you, kind of. Right, right. And so there's a lot of this. And it's a TV and an off-center. It pick up a noise and turn it off or, you know, turn the volume off or something. But if you can work around that noise problem, sort of... Well, what about this might get a bit too expensive, actually, but what about something that's built into the TV that you can press, and it will send out a little signal. You know, like the ones that we can't hear, or something. Yeah, that will activate the remote control start. So like a kind of backwards remote control. Yeah. And then it will do just, you know, subtractive kind of cancellation of the noise. What you could do, then, would be you have a remote control by the TV speaker, or not a remote, I'm sorry, a microphone by the TV speaker and the transmitter there that sends back to your remote, because you can't expect the television manufacturers to put that feature into their device. Yeah, that's the only thing. Yeah. Then you have like a little separate module by the TV speaker. Which is the phone. Yeah. That comes with the remote control. Right. And then the remote control will know what's being produced by the TV speaker. So it will be a separate car. Right. And frequency. So it will be cheap. Right. Right. Yeah, that's certainly possible. And another thing is about this losing your mode and trying to find it again. If you do have this sort of speech interface to it, you don't even need to find it. You just say, you know, whatever you want the remote for, you know, you can change a channel or to turn the TV on and off. You just shout your command to it and do it for you if it's within, you know, within hearing range. And you know, it could be somewhere in the room, you know, you have no idea where it is. And it still does jump. That could also be built into the TV. The rich might make our remote control a bit obsolete. Yeah. Well, hopefully we'll do it a little bit more. We'll do it a little bit more ahead of the Earth. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I like the whole sort of remote feedback thing. So I think rather than, and that also kind of takes out the speech recognition in terms of the interference and not working very well and things like that. And the expense of the time. So I think if we're going to go, well, I mean, like to think about the problem with the TFT or the LCD kind of thing is if you're also wanting the kind of organic globbies or feeling to it, then you might have trouble incorporating the screen. But I guess not. I just pretend that's not the problem. And how are you about the blue and the darkened fields? Maybe not even all of it because we said colors and fashion were important. So maybe just like a little line that's kind of around the outside and then you can make the rest a different color. Yeah, the materials cheap, but it's just the, the glow on the darkened field needs some light to charge it. Yeah, now. If you're sitting in the dark for too long or if it's don't under the couch cushions, which is pretty easy to find mine. Okay, well, we can use, we can still use the glow on the dark as a gimmick, because what I thought maybe we're going to have to, if we're going to have a logo on as well, bright yellow logo in a slogan. Then, you know, they're going to be fairly bright in the color, but anyway, and you can have sort of a trimming as well. That's a go on the darkened field just as gimmick. Because yeah, more than finding it, that was more like, you know, if you're watching a film in the dark. You can still see the red control. All right, so. That was more of a... If we're going to go with the idea of a feedback, so the more finder, then that kind of stuff that went out there. Do you think it makes it fairly unnecessary? Yeah, I think so. Okay, so it's good to know. So we've got, do we want to go with the TFT idea? Is there a getting a bit too stressed out? I mean, I think the finder things, I mean, it's a good pull, but we wait and sort of get that going. Well, I think a consideration too is that these remote's get abused a lot, you know, you get thrown around. It's a good chance that the TFT screen would break or get damaged. They're pretty fragile. So is that one of our definite requirements that they needed to do? No, I mean, we were not going on rough. We have a radius sort of marking the search, I guess. And... So we stick with sort of programmability for the buttons that we do have. And... So that sort of included in your sub module kind of stuff. You were planning out about teletext. Have you got to find that? That little text, speech recognition? I think we're going to scratch the speech recognition as a bit of a... Expensive. No? Oh no, it's much cheaper than the TFT. It's just a micro-net, some integrated circuits. It'd be a small vocabulary speech recognition system. Oh, right, okay. Well, that kind of takes back the RF remote sort of idea as well. Five minutes. Okay. Decisions. Ports. It's Ports. Who wants TFT? No one does. Excellent. So we've got this speech recognition, yeah? Yes. The speech recognition, limited buttons, organic design. And what else was I thinking of that I haven't written down in there for a phone at my head? Programmability. Glow in dark. If it's not, it takes sense because I think it's a good game. Okay. And also integrating the logo and the slogan. Okay, so... Can you put all these reports in the project? Documents folder, if not already in there as well. So it just helps me. Yes. And I'll put anything I do in there anyway. And where is it, sorry? Project documents on... So it should be when you say... Am I scenario controller? I need desktop. So I'm going to say that. Is it in shared documents? And then that little folder up thing. I'll put your project documents here. It's on your desktop. It's on your desktop. It's on your desktop. That's the name. Project documents. I can't. Hmm. It does not give me anything. Does that help? And I'm getting strings of information. I'll try forward any specific to anybody in particular, as soon as I get them out of them. I was about to sort of tell you about the changes before the meeting. And then the meeting turned up. Did you get my email? I did. Thank you. Okay. What I thought was about the material. Maybe not this kind of material. Maybe more like this kind of rubbering material. It's a bit more bouncy. Like he said, they get chucked around a lot. A bit more durable. And that can also be ergonomic. And it kind of feels a bit different from all other murder controls. The rubber. More sort of flash like the plastic. Wow. But we have to take care of life. But we have to take care of children also. If they, means, if children catch out of you or if they shoot, it shouldn't be too harmful. So whatever material we use. Oh, no. I think it's funny. We have to safety point of view also. We have to take care. I think with the more organic shape that it won't be as good as I have many sharp corners. So that's something good. I don't know. Where's your girl? She smells good for children. We have a flea-seye of the box and make the thing a big red ball, foam ball. So I think they need some. There's no buttons at all. It's always on and just yell at it. That's a good idea. She's going to have a big yellow. Oh, yellow. Yeah. With the color, does it have to be all yellow? Please God, no. Well, I wouldn't, I mean, my reaction to an all yellow or more control wouldn't be anything other than horror. So I think just having it surrounded the logo. It's small yellow strip or yellow square. You're the logo in it. Okay. I'll see if I can argue with the boss about putting the... What's it? We put the fashion into... Oops. It's working. I can't believe I forgot the wrong... We put the fashion in electronics. Oh, yeah, it's a good one though. Yeah. About that I'll catch on. Okay, Annie, last. Where is Kitty? Stop talking. Okay. It's the last time. I know what you're thinking. Okay, that's great. Okay, that felt a bit more like something with the order and... It's like a reason to it than the last one. This is quite fun actually. Wow. Does anybody press the K? It's my break. Yeah. Pretty cool. Why are you from the very first page? Yeah. I was just writing like the page. I've got more I think. Yeah, I've been using up pages. I don't want to wait. I've finished the meeting then. Oh, never mind. That's a question.