 Okay. All right. Okay. So, okay. Or... I don't know where it's but it's been... I don't know where it's been. Okay. Could you... Say, could I put it up for a second? Is that alright? Is that alright? I think we're gonna... Or... Okay. Okay. Okay, let's cover your... This is fiddly. Okay. Stop. Alright. What have we start? Does anybody know? Oh, another one. So, that's this. Oh, okay. Right. Are we free to take notes? Yeah, we're free to take notes. Okay. I don't know if it's easy. Okay. Okay. Um... Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Just hang on a second, everybody. I haven't let you look at this yet. I haven't let you look at this yet. Huh. Huh. Very nice. I haven't let you do it, but let's just start it off, hey, and we'll see what happens. If you're already. Yes. Okay, here's the agenda. Opening a Quentance Tool Training Project Plan discussion. And then closing. Project A is a new Remote Control. It's original, trendy, and it's user-friendly. Project Method. Functional Design. Individual Work. And then a Meeting. Conceptual Design. Individual Work. And a Meeting. Details Design. Meeting. Tool Training. Try out the Whiteboard. Every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal. Okay. Miss Industrial Designer, would you like to go first? So we're supposed to bring the little things for the... I think just click. Do you have a belt? Clip them back to you. Oh, put them in your pocket. Yeah. Okay. So my favourite animal. Yeah, what's your favourite animal? Okay. Ah. Is it rude? An elephant. That's a very good elephant. Back end of an elephant. Oh my gosh. I've never got a new straw that well. Okay. And you want to write up on there. It says you've got to sum up your favourite characteristics of that animal. Okay. It's big. It's got a great memory. Is it? Oh. You have a great memory. You say an elephant never forgets. And I don't know why, but it looks like nice to me. Okay. Wonderful. Well done. Do you want to use the white... The whiteboard. The whiteboard. And... Is that a aesthetics designer? I'm not sure what my favourite animal is. Okay. My favourite animal. Let's see. I don't know if any of you have seen Napoleon Dynamite before. It's a Lager. What? A combination of a lion and tiger. All right. You've not seen Napoleon Dynamite. No. No. It's a hilarious memory. You have to see it. And... And its best characteristic is... And it's pretty much... The awesomest... The animal. But you have to see the movie. The fully appreciated. Okay. Well done. Great. Me? Yeah. Oh. Miss Mark Singh? Okay. I'm going to show how this is going to work. Cool. Well, I'll try my best... To draw... Can I just draw the face? Yeah, I think you can just draw the face. But then you'll have to describe in writing how the rest of it looks. Oh. To cap. That's a very... Which also has what... A big fat body. And... And... And... And... And... And... And... And... And long tail. Okay. Do you want to do some... Right. Do you want to just write some words about it? Why? Because... Um... Cuddly. And usually caps very friendly. Usually. And the healing love. The heal. And they can feel when a human's... Wow. They can feel the problems. They can feel the spiritual. So that's why I like caps. Oh, done. There we are. Sleep. Do do do do do do. Okay. Um, I don't actually have a favourite animal for the... For the... For the meeting us. Draw... A little... Uh... I honestly can't draw for toffee. Really? Yeah. In fact, nope. It's just... A prairie dead? Nope. That's cool. That's exactly what it is. Not a very good one. Not bad, I would say. Yeah, that's pretty good. Okay, well you got it. It's a... It's a skull. And... I like them because they're cute. And stupid. Very good. Ah. Alright. Right. Okay. Okay. I guess that was the test to see if this equipment was all working. Uh... Hmm. And let's move on to the next page. Okay, project finance. Selling price 25 euros. I am 50 million euros. Like a random tenacily sold. Yeah, production costs... Ah, it's got a bit... I can't cost any more than 1250 to make. I'm going to... I've got a little experience with remote control. So I talk about who's used luck. I mean, ideas. Stuff like that. Next meeting starts in 30 minutes. At 1,000 to 12. I think before we close, uh, we're expected... I mean, the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our... ideas were. I mean, if you want to go back to the last slide. Yeah. Yeah, I think we're... I mean, before we close, the meeting was supposed to come up with some ideas for... Oh, so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion right now. Yeah. Oh, okay. I thought this was just given us instructions for the next... Yeah, I think this is just the preliminary... get some rough ideas for what our experiences with remote controls have been... roughly what we would incorporate into a new one maybe. Okay. All right, who's got experiences with remote controls then? Pretty much everybody here with our games. Is this a TV one we're supposed to make? Yeah. Yeah, it's a TV remote control. Okay. A new remote control for TV. What would I like? What? Um... You want it big? Do you want it small? Medium? Are we going for like telephones or going little teeny tiny things? Or are we going for something that's big and... That seems like there's like... there's sort of a tension between two ideas. I mean, you want one remote that maybe can work all of the functions of TV. And if you have whatever associated with the TV, the DVD players... Video. But at the same time you don't want a really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something. Maybe, yeah, I'd say other things is just going to be cheap. Yeah. Because I mean, I was thinking something that's got different... like maybe a... an LCD display on it that's got different pages for different devices. But that would probably be quite expensive. But how do we know how much... I mean, how much do we have per... How much? You get it can't be more than $250 per unit. Per unit, yeah. So do we have to be realistic within the budget for... Well, at the moment, we can... I don't know. I mean, because we... Well, after we've found out what we can like, some different ideas, we can then go and do the research to find out if these... any of these ideas are feasible or not. So it would be nice to have something that controls lots of different things. Yeah. Couldn't we have like... one that comes out. Like, so you have one in... It doesn't have to be really thick. I mean, you know, controls can be thin bits. And you have one of your DVD and you sort of slide it out. You have another one you slide it out. So it slides and then it all comes compact. Okay, that's a lie. So it's not... You're actually just putting three or four different remotes together, but making them thinner. And into one, basically. That's an idea. So you just flip them out. Okay. Well, have one very complicated one on one side with all the DVD and VCR. And then on the other side, one... a remote control, though, would be very, very simple. It's just the channel program plus and minus. And then just the mute button, for example. I can really, really, really simple on one side. And the other side would be very complicated. One side for kids, one side for adults. I'm actually... Of grandma as well, you know. I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two-sided remote, because it would be very hard to use in a way that you would... No, but you would slide it into a... Like, something on the back would hold... Like, you wouldn't be able to press the buttons. Like, or something like a flip telephone. Something like that, maybe. That'd be cool. I think you would have... Flip it open and then you've got all the buttons or you flip it closed and you've just got their basic buttons on the outside, maybe. Oh, we've got five minutes left. Stop breaking up. Okay. Well, we've got a few ideas there. Yeah, we should... I guess by the end of this meeting, we should have at least a rough conceptual. The stage one was technical functions designed, what effect the apperata should have. Okay. So, I mean, we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface. But the functions that we're sure that we want to have are... And we're sure that we have a lot of time in our next meeting. So, we're sure that we have a lot of time in our next meeting. So, we're sure that it can be done with the actual concept for the user interface. But the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the TV but also devices connected to the TV. Yeah. Be able to operate DVD players. Things like that. I think we should also have a backup plan of... I just think that it might be expensive to make something that... we haven't been told it has to be something that will control everything. We should have a backup plan. I've just a really good television remote control That just that is just for a TV, but it's just a really good nice one What you're hanging Yeah, because it would just I'm just thinking bearing in mind that we've got it We have to have something that's cheap to make. Yeah, that's true. Maybe we should just concentrate on having a good TV remote and have it be I think we'll be able to come up with ideas and stuff a lot quicker have it be like ergonomic. Yeah, comfortable to use simple to use and looks decent. Maybe you know, maybe what'll make it interesting for people to buy though Well, maybe even something that's for disabled people or some people that don't see very well or big buttons for Touchy buttons for finding it for our remote like market it to a certain yeah Oh, just one that looks really fucking cool Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, rather than focus on Otherwise we'll be it will be it all day talking about how to do this and do that I think we should be end of the day if it says just TV remote doesn't say combination Yeah, I mean obviously everyone you know, it sounds like we're all a bit sort of gadget heads And we like things that do everything at once, but Remote spinning out from other remotes. Yeah, having a little nested remotes and say yeah, that's right. Yeah I mean, I'd like one that makes tea as well That's not gonna I think a flip up thing because you always have this problem of like if it's on this Well, I didn't like we had five or six remote and they'd be lying on the couch You'd come and sit down and oh the telephone the television switch down or something so maybe something that like Does have a lid or Closes so you don't accidentally press a button. Okay, like a lot like a lot of fucks function on it like you have when you tell a phone. Yeah But make it like really snazzy and cool with people want it so make it yeah, yeah, it's gonna be sellable Yeah, that's true. I was saying I mean it doesn't have to have a flip function It can just have a lot of functions and it's yeah, not Not usable when you don't want it to be Yeah, okay, I leave it for kids as well. It's It's safer for them. I guess like they don't flick on to channels and all that's the flick on to No porn channel for children, okay All right, so we've got some ideas we go Let's move on What is ID VID and E-stone for? Industrial designer These are Yeah, there you go So let's Use a interface designer that's that's me. That's okay. That's you so you got a You're you're gonna be the one that's working out what what buttons we need right? And Industrial designer you're the one you know you're gonna be working out Kind of box it goes in I guess so Whether it's I Goes into the box I Mark So what the user requires? Yeah, yeah Yeah, I guess you two You two are gonna be just I think you just double you know working together You're the one that's gonna go and find out did do the research See what people want in a remote what buttons are used more often and stuff like that Oh We've been warned to finish the meeting now, okay Okay, everyone well done good meeting. All right, see you in 30 minutes Yeah