 Oh yeah. Excuse me, please. Okay. Okay. So we are here for the concept design meeting. So we will first start by summarizing the the previous meeting and the decision we've taken. I will take notes during this meeting so that you can look at my folder to see the summary of this meeting afterwards. So each of you will show us the various investigations they've done during previous hours. We'll then take the decision on concept and then we will define the next task to have to be done before the next meeting. So last time we decided to have a simple interface. We also decided to have a will to change channel, preview channel button, channel digest. We have also the lightening feature for the remote control to be easy to find. And for fast development and low cost we have decided to have no LCD nor voice feature. So now we will have three presentations. So the conceptual specification by industrial designer, the specification of the UI by the Ui is my name. And the last point is train watching by market expert. So many questions. So we will have to be able to make a new one. So we will have to be able to make a new one. So we will have to be able to make a new one. So the last point is train watching by market expert. So maybe we can start with the industrial design. So this is the presentation idea. Maybe I can switch slide on your request. I only have three slides. Look at the just these on some web pages, find some documentation. And I think a remote control is, as I mentioned previously, you just have a very simple chip. And the user interface is just done usually by push button. And in our case we are using a will control. So I was looking basically for that chip, which is a very, very standard. And I just look for the real sensor and the standard push button. And we can change directly. In fact, I have the number of that element, which is very standard for remote control. The push button are usually extremely cheap. But I just have one problem and this is related with the real sensor, which seems to be quite expensive. And I think if we could just talk about that, if we really need a will sensor, or if we combine something with a push button, a will sensor is 50 times the price of a push button. But is it a significant price on the world remote control? Because we can afford up to 12 euros for the price of the remote control. Yeah. So we'll deal with this with including all possible things. So buttons will and the chip be lower than 12 euros to produce. But I don't think that we should talk about the design of the box. So we need some money to do. Do you receive the mail about voice recognition? No. You receive something? Yeah, we have an email from the Wine Factory Division that they have basically a voice recognition tip already developed. It says that right now they just use it to record answers to particular questions. And could it be adapted? It gives it the possibility of recording the answers. You can just record something simpler. And they can recognize some commands? Yeah, you can recognize commands if you can record new commands and stuff. So if they already have it as an other tip? Yeah, you could use it. Okay, maybe we can just listen to this presentation and then take this issue later on according to those news. But I think it's, yeah, sorry, I haven't written my personal references. And I just want to mention the problem of the wheels and so, which is much more expensive than any push button. Okay. If we could reduce that. We have already some good things with the back lights of the push button. I have a question about that, actually. What is the purpose of the light? Just to make something which is slightly more designed that is a square re-box. You can use a right button. But the dark. Yeah, but is it going to go all the way to the light? It will be turned on when the user moves the remote controller. I think, no, but if you move it then you have it. You can see the buttons better, of course. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, true. But if you move it then you have to have some sensor to, when you move it to detect that you are moving it. As soon as you start to move the remote controller you have the right. Yeah, but you need another sensor for that, right? Yeah, again. You know, it's just the same. I don't think that this is really expensive, but at the end this is plenty of, unexp... Very cheap devices, but the bit installs to be... Yeah, but actually it will be too, but you tell me that it's very expensive. First of all, I was thinking to have a continuous light and you press the unbutton, you have the light when you're remote control, when you want to turn off the lights. It can be battery-consuming, no? To have the light always on. A little bit. Well, we discussed that after maybe... The other presentation one should be in the shirt folder. Yeah. It would last time I showed it. And it is. So, okay, let's move to the next slide. So basically, I want very simple, right? That's the major idea, as simple as possible. So, I just look at some current designs on the web of usually more complicated remote controls. And I select two of them, because even though they have many buttons, they look quite simple. And in our case, we just eject the buttons that we don't need. Yeah. And we can even simply... And also, does it fit well in hand? Because it was the wrist problem with the wrist. Well, these remotes are quite big, so we've got the next page. The hub looks bad, as you can see, but most of them we just need the ones in the middle. Yeah. And from the bottom, or where there's the numbers, and then the top, until the tunnel, this middle part. And the last one is exactly the same. So, it's basically more or less how we like it with a big volume control, big tunnel control, a mutant power. Yeah. It's the basic thing. So, it's only the central part. So, basically, something that we would look more or less the same as these two. Yeah, with maybe a more economic design on the... Yeah, if we have, for example, I think that the volume and the buttons that are there on the top are not very easy to reach to your thumb. Yeah. It could be on the right side, for example. Okay. Because we don't have these input buttons in this other stuff that they have. And I think that the plastic cover is not very good idea, because you open it, it can break, you can do various things. Okay. You just need to put the tunnel numbers somewhere a bit out of the way. Okay. That's a big period of it. Yeah. It's just to press the big buttons, but it's not difficult to press the tunnel buttons either. I think that if you put the cover to be very difficult for the user. Okay. You won't... Yeah. Usually what I have noticed is that people put the plastic cover on things that you normally don't mess with, like buttons for tuning the tunnels and stuff like that. But you want to protect it with. I think it's a useless novel. Okay. So I don't think... Yeah. This is just the wheel. Some wheels can be pushed down. You could use the push down of the wheel for the call if you want. So you could just basically use one, just a wheel and a user could use it just the wheel to do everything. Yeah. In that case. Maybe the wheel will be a good advantage of our competitors. Because otherwise it's pretty standard about the fact that it's very simple. So maybe this was to have more expense on that aspect. I guess the marketer said it would tell us about that. Okay. So we can move to the... Is there any question for designer of user interface? Or we can move to the next part? Maybe and this case afterwards. Okay. You can go. Yeah. So there are the recent investigation we have done for the remote control. So the most important aspect for remote controls is to be fancy look and feel and not current functional look and feel. And the second aspect is that the remote control should be technological innovative. And the third most important aspect is that the remote control should be easy to use. So things we have to speak about before. Yeah. And so you can go after. And there is a fashion watchers in Paris and Milan that have detected the following trends. Fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for closed issues and furniture. So maybe if our remote control have to be a foot form or vegetable forms, something like that. What's important, April? And the material is expected to be spongy. So I don't know which material can be spongy and if you... This is good also for... I think we can certainly just put the electronics and spongy things in the world, right? Yeah. I think it is good also to have a spongy control in the television. Yeah, because it's robust. Hey, that's a cool one. You could say that when you throw it in the television, it tends it off. When it takes a shock. Yeah, so I know what they do that for around the clock. And this you can say that. You can go before... Before? And you know, the more important aspect is the fancy look and feel after is the technological innovative and after the easy to use. I think it's innovative to use the wheel because I think you want to use it. That's why I think we have to keep that if it's possible. Yeah, I think it makes it both easy and both innovative. I think it's a good aspect and it should look cool. Cool, fancy. We have to make it look like fruit or a vegetable. Maybe a color that's remembered. Or color. Things like that. Although, obviously, it's a banana, I guess. I thought about a beer, for example. You know, a beer is like that and it's easy to have in another place. And it's a banana because where it is. A beer. Maybe a beer, yeah, or something like that. Or a fruit like that, I don't know. Yeah, we can discuss that. Is there anything you want to add? Is there any fruit that is sponsored? I don't think so. I think we can have like a beer, it's good, fit well or banana, you know. Or maybe look and feel what about a piece of ice with blue LED inside. But that's not in the train. The train is spongy and vegetable fruit. It's not hard metal. I think spongy is good because it will be robust as well. So, I think we can keep the wheel because it's easy, it's innovative, even if the cost is a bit higher. And we also have to find a fruit like beer or a banana with any others. I do you have. What kind of fruit would you like to control your TV with? Banana, I think it's a nice idea. Banana is also yellow, so you can't lost your remote control day. You don't use the banana, the banana is curving like that, but when the banana is curving like that, with the wheel on the top, you control and here you have the brush button. I think you can just have the curve, you move your hand here to press the buttons and then you move on the other side. So you can have it on two sides and to be cool. I think it's a good design and it's innovative as well then. Maybe we can keep the banana and it will be very easy to find. And everybody knows what is a banana. Basically, if you start with fancy fruits, you can also take into account the fact that the banana fits with the color scheme of our company. Yeah, it's really a good point. I hope you do that, but let me die. I think it's a good idea. I think it's so... ...winds and wind. So we have to take some decisions and do the respect. So for... Sorry, for a component. So we have to think about those aspects. So we will just use a standard battery. And the chip on the print, we know exactly which one we are going to use. What do you mean by case? I think it's the box that should be spongy banana's shape. I mean, for me, if we use a spongy banana case, it doesn't matter. I just want to have something to print to fix my components onto that box. It can be an inside day, in a structure. But the thing is that the buttons and the will have to be spongy. Then the buttons and the will have to... If it's spongy, then it's going to move, right? So it's going to be bend a lot. I think it's possible. No, the button would be... In fact, it should be something arch-shaped with a spongy cover. Yeah, this is like... Okay, arch-shaped with spongy cover. And standard battery. Okay, chip on print, there's no specific problem. So we agreed to put the wheel. Wheel on the top button. Why do you want some buttons? Well, usually hold... We want it to be good also for the left hand, you know, right? Yeah. So it has to be symmetrical. Yeah, but it's okay. So let's say that... It has to be... Basically, you can only take two sides. One of the... This side where there's a thumb, and the other side where there's the... Yeah, also the thumb. Or you could use this one, but don't know if it's very comfortable. Yeah, and maybe this one is more comfortable. This for the wheel and then this for the buttons. Yeah, and it's okay for both right and left. So if we go left, you have... I think you can turn it this way or so. You can do both wheel basons. Yeah, the blue wheel is have buttons and wheel, then when you turn it around, the buttons are on the other side. You cannot see them. Well, you will get used to it. And the buttons have to be here and the wheel has to be... The buttons are lighted, so you immediately identify the right side. Because you have light on buttons. Yeah, I know, but if you have to do your left hand and the wheel is here, and the buttons are here, they only turn it around. The buttons will go on the other side. No, you... I think you will use it on the right or left hand. Whether you're right here or lefty. I think for lefty it's okay. I can do this movement and for righty as well. I think this doesn't change that much. Okay. Yeah. Okay, maybe. Yeah. So, for interface, we said so that we have a... This banana shape with button on the side. And... And the wheel on the top. So, the color is yellow. I think it's... We define everything according to what we shoot. But the decision we should take, yeah. So, maybe we can... We can work on do the spectre until next meeting. So, we have the final look and fill design according to the decision. And have the user interface design and then evaluate the product. That is to say, check if it fits the requirement given by the users. But according to your presentation, it seems to be okay. It seems to be fancy, innovative and easy to use. So, to prepare the product, I would suggest that the industrial designer and the user interface designer work together. That would be better, I think. And so, you will receive further instructions by email as usual. Yes, master. Do you need to add anything? No. You feel okay? Yeah. You feel free to express what you want to say. Yeah. You don't feel too constrained. You don't feel free to answer this. No, you can work with them. Okay. Okay. So, Thank you. See you. I think we can leave the room. For the tracks. Thank you.