 okay okay look it I'm at 14.26. Okay. Lovely to see you all again. It's our conceptual design meeting. And it's starting at approximately 14.25. And so we have 40 minutes for this one again. So we'll go just after three o'clock. Okay. Our agenda, we're going to do an opening. I'm going to review the minutes of the last meeting. Then we'll have your three presentations. And then we'll have to make a decision on the remote control concepts. Finally, we'll close. So opening. These are our minutes for the functional design. We decide our target group is the focus on who can afford it. Because we have international appeal and we said it's for all age groups, different functions of it. Our main objectives were simplicity and fashion. And in specific functions were something to keep the remote from getting lost. Large buttons for the essential functions. A possibility for extra functions like a sliding, a sliding piece. And a long life battery or a charging station. Okay. Now three presentations. I'd like to do it in this order. First do the conceptual specification of components, properties, and materials. And then the conceptual specification of user interface. And finally trend watching. All right. Wow. Okay. Function of aided. There we go. All right. I'm very excited by this one actually guys. I had a lot of fun doing it. Components design. This is where you look at what does it take to make a remote control? And what should we make our specific remote control out of? So we need to examine each element separately. But we're designing a full thing. So you want to keep it integrated as a whole. The main elements of remote controls in general in their four hours as well are the case, the buttons, the circuit board with the chip, and the battery. These are all things that we had sort of addressed before. But we're going to take each one a little bit separately here as we figure out what they should be made of and what they should look like. The case, the options that I've gotten from headquarters about what we can do, there's a shape of a case. We could do a flat case, a curved case, or maybe even a double, double curved case. I haven't seen any pictures of what this exactly looks like yet. Just keep that in mind. But these are the options that we have for manufacturing. And we can make our case out of plastic. The main base will be plastic. But we have all these sort of fashion and technological elements we can add in. Wood, lay, text, titanium, rubber, or other colored types of plastic. That would be our case. For buttons, we have push buttons, which is what real reaction uses the most often. But we also have scroll wheels, which can have integrated push buttons. Or we could go all high tech and have an LCD screen. Circuit board and chip, we can have a simple one, a regular one, or an advanced one, depending on what our other needs are. And then battery, I think, is where things get most exciting. We're talking about long-life batteries here. We can have your sort of basic AA batteries. But we also have these options of using a kinetic battery. Like, are used in high tech watches where you just have to move it a little bit to get it to power up. So simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery. Or solar battery, although there are slight complications with solar batteries as in we can't use a lay-text case if we have a solar battery. Or something they only described as the type of battery you find in torches from about 50 years ago flashlights. Not quite sure what that is, but that's the description that I received, so that's what I'm passing on to you. So those are our options. Personal preferences that I was thinking through. Here's what we've been talking about all through, fashion and simplicity. So if we're going for fashion in our cases, I think that what we're going to want to look at is a curved or a double curved case. Probably with a variety of design elements, maybe titanium, maybe some wood. We're going to have to investigate that better when I get specifics of the actual materials. That's sort of what I have in mind, and we want to go for simplicity. Probably push buttons, but I'm sort of intrigued by the idea of a scroll wheel if anyone has anything. Any ideas on that? I mean, I know the iPods and things right now have touch scroll buttons, which are exactly like what they're describing, so that might be something we want to look into. And I'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery. Solar, I don't think would be such a good idea because how often are you sure that your remote control will get a certain amount of light. But this idea of the kinetic that you don't have to replace and that a simple just shaking it around will make it work. I think that that would be a very interesting thing. But I think we'd also want to go for a simple chip or a regular chip to keep our costs down. We really only need a regular or advanced chip if we're going to start using an LCD. So I think we want to be aware of not making things overly technological if they don't need to be because that'll keep our manufacturing price away down. That's what I have for options. I'd appreciate anyone's input, but that's what I'm seeing for the future of the look of this thing. It's double curved, like that'd be like two hands kind of thing. I'm not sure I haven't received any specific visual information. It's amazing. It's amazing, like double curved is like two sides of the curve and one curve would just be like a single vertical. I'm not sure, but I'll let you know as soon as I get any pictures. I wonder. I know if we do have a double curved case, it can't have any titanium in it. But the titanium, they were quite, they were marketing quite hard to us as being used in the space program. So that could be quite interesting space age for them. Just all things to keep in mind. Just an interesting marketing kind of element. That's been all I have to do, guys. I hope I didn't go through that too quickly. Just a real quick question. The weight of these different elements. Have you? No idea. I have no idea. I'm assuming that the kinetic battery isn't going to take up that much weight. And the titanium is very light, I know. But if Susan's face is. That's really basic. I mean, that's all I have gotten so far. All right. Any other questions? Nope. Okay. I have saved this in the shared projects if anyone wants to look. Thank you, Perf. And I have considerable notes on the topic as well if anyone needs any more information. If you made notes yourself, you can put those on our. Underneath our. Oh, in your book, the door. But if anyone has any specific questions, don't hesitate to email me or something. All right. I guess. Okay. Now we're concepts, concepts of user interface. This one's so much tighter than the other. Okay. Nope. There we are. There we are. That happens. Oh, come on, Susan. Okay. All right. So I'm going to describe the concept of user interface. This is the device. We've talked about the two essential things. The two essential things. The two essential things. The two essential things. The two essential things. The two essential things. We've talked about the two essential properties of the user interface. We wanted to be simple and we wanted to be fashionable. However, we've also got to remember that this is a device that's as useful as it is. We want people to be able to use it as a remote control. So we need to determine what the essential functions of the device are. And make sure that we include that we've included all of those. And that we actually end up with a device that is going to be useful to people. We have a number of different choices for a design concept. And that's something that RShays examples of. But essentially we need to choose how is this device going to work? How what kind of model is that going to be the use of interaction with this device? Once we've chosen a concept for it, we can then design the features around the concept, making sure that we get all the essential functions in the device. And the extra functions and the more advanced features. And of course we also have to make it look cool. So basically that's what we don't want. We don't want lots of buttons complicated features. We want something that looks nice and simple. Here's a fairly simple device. This is an iPod for an Apple. I think the main thing to notice about it is it just has four buttons. It's very minimalistic in its design. It uses four buttons to move around a range of settings on a small LCD screen. The thing I like about this is that it's very quick to access the main features. You can just about make up that the button-free buttons are free of extract, and playpores, but the main features of the iPod, the things you will use all the time. Then if you want to do anything more advanced, you go into a little menu on the LCD screen, and you use the buttons just to scroll around and find more advanced features that you want. So I think that's a good model that we could have. Here's another example. It's an interesting idea. I think it looks pretty cool. It's certainly got novelty value. It's nice and colorful, it's nice and bright. It's also something that you can feel your way around. The buttons are different shapes, and you can... If you're watching TV in the dark or whatever, you can work out which buttons. Basically, it's fun. I like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often. You need a few buttons to select your favourite channels. I mean most people when they watch TV, they have 250 channels on their TV, and they watch about four of them at the most. You have buttons for your favourite channel, changing the volume, which is something you do all the time when you're watching TV, and the buttons to switch off in case you get bored. Other features, things like adjusting the brightness, tuning the TV, I don't know what else you do with the TV. These are all necessary functions. You can't have it. There's no point having a television that you can't tune or that you can't set the contrast. We need to find a way of including these somehow. One of the suggestions I'd make is to include them in a menu system, a bit like on the iPod. We'd either have a small LCD display on the device itself, or have a menu display that comes up on your television and can be controlled through the device. I know it would allow you to access the advanced features, whilst keeping a very small and simple set of buttons for the features that you use most often. So you'd be advocating an LCD then? I think that's one way to go. The advantages and disadvantages that you have in LCD display, it's nice because it lets you sit there and control your television from your armchair. There are disadvantages and LCD display would have to be quite small, because I assume we're going to be making quite a small device. It would also have to have a backlighting in it, because you tend to watch TV in the dark. You need to be able to see your LCD display. Your alternative is to have a non-screen display on your television, but you control for your remote control. I do think that one of the important features for remote is seeing a menu and seeing what's on. I think that's one of the most important features for remote control. It's a very important feature for remote control. It's a very important feature for remote control. I do think that one of the important features for remote is seeing a menu and seeing what's on. So favorite channels is applicable, but I think that you do need to have some kind of function where you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it. I know I use that. Is that separate from what he was saying? Well, if it was an LCD on the remote, I don't know that you would be able to see it. I think we're talking menu contrasts and tuning the VCR or something if I've understood you, rather than menu as what's on. Because that would be more specifically digital. If we put a display on the remote control, communication is one way. So you can't have the television send information back to the remote control. How good point of view. Okay. Now I'm moving on to market. Marketing. Maybe it's just fine. What after you had to press five? Eight. Maybe it's just fine. What after you had to press five? Eight. I'll just keep pressing multiple. I don't know how relevant all of this is going to be. Anything that's left of the thinking thing. Okay. There we go. There we go. Okay. Okay. So we're going to look a little bit at trend watching. Basically I was giving an executive summary that was a market investigation on road controls that was recently conducted. And then also some fashion waters and Paris and Milan commented on some things that are going to be going on this year. So first they had people they ranked the important aspects of remote controls. And right now they're saying that currently there's a functional look and feel preference. But that really over the next year that's going to be switching to fancy look and feel remote. So that just goes back to the whole desire of our real reaction company wanting to focus on fashion. So even though we're stressing, we're talking, we've all been talking about this simplicity and easy to use idea. They're sort of wanting us to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it's fancy look and feel. And as these are ranked, the top one is doubly important to the second one, which is doubly important to the third one. So just to take that weight into account. The second thing that was mentioned as important was the technological innovation. So that would be like if we use something like the space material or LCD screen, things like that. And then each of you was the third most important. So really no matter what we need to focus the most on fancy look of you according to this. I don't know what you're going to do with that. And then fashion watch talks about that this year's top trend for clothes, shoes, and furniture is for to vegetable. And that there's a preference for spongy type material. And so that brings us to my personal preferences. Who wants this bunch of your vote or want a different national pattern. Personally, I don't really think that I want one that's going to go out the style or go stale. Excuse the pun in a year. So even though this is coming from us as you know, trend watch market research, I don't know how much of a renex is thoroughly. I want to take away also considering that the research has been carried out by real reaction. I'm a little hesitant as to like how these questions may have been worded. And if necessarily this whole fashion technology to ease of use is necessarily the right ranking. Personally, like I might reverse it. But if we're working for this company, then I guess no matter what we have to stress fashion the most. It doesn't necessarily need to be a spongy material. There's all kinds of scope for imagination that would though. Yeah. I don't have a lot of notes to share if you want them that pretty much sums it up. So yeah, could we have any some questions for this? Yeah. What can I possibly invite? Do you have any ideas how to possibly use these? How to use a fruit of vegetable or or the spongy material at all? Like, could we make a spongy remote? It would be easier on the hands. If it's latexy, it's kind of, then it would have to find a way to protect like the chip and all that. My understanding of latex cases that it's in fact hard to protect stuff inside, but it's covered with the latex, which is spongy and softer on your hands. There's something to be said. I mean, we got that thing earlier from you about not wanting it to our repetitive stress injuries, things and. Yeah. So something. Is that a gripable? Yeah, grip. I think we don't want to go smudge. I think more than like sinking into your hands. I think I'm envisioning more like, you know, the material that you have when you sit on like a bicycle so that it doesn't hurt. You're saying I'm for a long time like I'm imagining that sort of thing. I think it's gone. Given the list of materials I was forwarded, it that seems doable. Could we go in fruit and vegetable colors? You could color color or maybe like a couple main ones being like 11s or strawberries. Could they be smelly? Is it supposed to be shake like a vegetable? I don't know. Like a cow that's also in there. Oh, it's quite easy to shake. Maybe the buttons could be shake. Like large button. That's what I was thinking. What about the idea like a round remote instead of like a vertical up and down one like in terms of holding it? That's a fruit. It might have tied in a little. You'd be able to hold it because I think the reason they're long is. It harder to put it. Yeah. I think it's harder to press push. When you use a remote, you press the buttons with your thumb usually. Yeah. I usually hold it on hand, maybe. I maybe want something that's shaped like a mobile phone. So you hold it in one hand and you press the button. But then the buttons will have to be very small. I tend to do it. Yeah. Did you think I just threw fingers down around? But I mean in order to get to all of them, you know, they would have to be within a certain amount of space. But it's only got like four or five buttons anyway. And it's not so much. When I'm pressing buttons on my iPod, that's how I do it. Hold it and press. So you hold it in one hand and you press the buttons. Yeah. And use my thumb or my pointer finger on the touch scroll wheel. I love the idea. Yeah. We all like five times. Is it the button on the iPod? What is it? Is it just four buttons or is it four? It's like five. There's one that's metal. Yeah. I mean each version of it has been a little bit different. The one I have doesn't have the four on it. Oh yeah. You have one of the in between ones when they weren't doing that anymore. And you press the center button. That's your all-purpose select button right there. Oh, look at it. This is the one in the center that's not marked. Yeah. I think why it would be good for us is because like you could have the same wheel sort of effect for, like, channel flipping. And then the other one could be like for volume. Like just the idea of like those so few buttons for main things. But then how you go back to the menu. And like, I don't know if we would want to not on the screen there on the actual TV. I kind of am wanting to say on the TV because if you're changing the brightness, don't you want to see it happening? Yeah. And I think it's still how that is available. Yeah. And I think it's how that's available. You might be good in Siri, but not as useful in practice. Yeah. Also, yeah, because you would be looking down at the LCDs. Right. You'd be looking at one of the things. Okay. We have about 15 minutes left. So I'm going to continue with my presentation. I have one more slide before we close. But in that slide is when we need to make decisions about these kinds of things. So I'll just bring that up and show you all. We'll move on. I think any more information on fruits and vegetables. Could we let you know? Could we have changeable covers like for your mobile? In different fruit and vegetable colors. Yeah. Yeah. And then like the covers could be spongy latex. Exactly. Where the actual model could be teddy. You could cord day with your house or whatever. It's option. The packaging, it should be like a lemon. And the packaging is like peel. So that's the thing, the box you just kind of peel it. But I find packaging is meat. Like with so, that was a cat's fun. Like the way it all comes off. I'm nervous. Okay. Components concept. Energy. Chip on. Oh yes. Right. I sort of skipped over that hoping it wouldn't get. Be necessary. But this is the agenda they gave me. So what can you just explain to them? So, uh, decisions. Okay. This is on energy I'm thinking is based on the battery. I don't know. What do people think about this kinetic battery idea? I think it's awesome. I think it's really cool. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I would totally take care of our problem of not wanting to change batteries. Yeah. I think it's good as long as we consider the cost and how reliable it is. Right. I haven't gotten any cost. Yeah. Any more information on cost other than it's more expensive than a regular battery. But over time, but if we're using a cheaper chip than it will even out, I think, um, circuit boards. Yeah. I got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced. They're a thin fiberglass with copper wires etched onto them. And I think they're quite easily printed on by a machine, which is chip on print is whether machine prints on the wires and solders it all together for us. I don't really know what to tell you as far as decisions. I wasn't really given any options. I was just given that this is how they're done. Okay. Um, yeah, I can't really tell you. I can tell you a whole lot about how it works. But I don't know any decisions on if they're, if they're really options. Yeah. I'm sorry. Okay. All circuit boards are pretty much the same. I think it's fairly. Yeah. Okay, then we'll move on to the case. Um, I guess maybe if we decided on like a simple, a regular or an advanced chip, maybe here's the, here's the thing on the chips that I got. Simple regular advanced chip on print. The chip on print includes an infrared sensor, so we don't have to worry about that. Okay. The push button, if we're going to have push buttons, they require a simple chip, but a scroll wheel requires a regular chip and an LCD requires advanced. Do we want to scroll wheel or do we just want push buttons? Um, I don't think we need to scroll wheel. I mean, it might be nice for changing the volume. It would be nice for changing the volume, but I don't know how useful it would be for changing the channel. Because you don't have control over numbers or, yeah, it'd be, it'd be handy for going through if there was an on-screen menu of your channel choices. But if you could scroll through the channels, and then the volume would just be, we have five minutes left for the meeting. And the volume would just be like the same way, yeah, forward and backward. I'm just thinking like it would make it much like sleeker, sort of looking. Yeah. And otherwise, no matter how many buttons we have, we're going to have like, you know, black with red sticking out. And it's going to inevitably sort of start looking like those group of sort of ugly ones, have you set up stacked up? So have a scroll for volume or for all those secret functions. When you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote could do for you without the buttons, you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus. I think, yeah, I think a scroll wheel would be nice, but it's not necessary. Right. So we could either go with a simple or a regular chip, depending on may we could table out this in for later. I think, well, I think when we go into the user face, we're going to have to decide the interface. Okay. Whether we're going to have a scroll or not. Well, let's think about that while we talk about the case. Okay, let's do case. I'm kind of liking the idea of latex. If spongy is the end thing. I'm a little hesitant about it because I'm worried about protecting the stuff on the inside. Okay. Well, could it be hard and then something around it? Yeah, I would be more okay with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone kind of thing. What I've seen just not related to this, but of latex cases before is that there's a lot like a hard plastic inside. And it just covered with the latex. Okay. Not too thick a layer of latex just enough to be gripable. I like by candles or anything that you've seen like that the inside is hard. I don't think we need to worry about protecting this or import. I think that that's done for us. Okay. So we do want latex. Yeah. Okay. Latex. And probably in colors maybe fruity vegetable colors. Yeah. Fruity colors. Okay. Let's go to the user interface then. We'll come back to the chip, I suppose. Oh, and we want a curved case. Yeah. Or a double curved. Well, we don't really know what the difference is, right? I think it's curved with some sort. Yeah. Yeah. We don't really know what the difference. Okay. Interface the type and the supplements. So push or scroll, right? Yeah. Or both. And I think if we want to keep our costs, we should just go for push buttons. Because then we can have a simple chip. And it's simply, it's cheaper to make push buttons than it is a scroll button. Good point. So in terms of economics, it's probably better to make push buttons. And if we had an on-screen kind of thing that you could scroll through, like you could use your buttons to scroll through things. Yes. Yes. I think that for channel surfing, I think a scroll, an actual iPods kind of scroll thing would be too fast. Yeah. I don't know. I think push buttons, at least unless we get any information that I have no idea how much more expensive a scroll wheel is than a push button. But it's got to be some more expensive. So I think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery in the cool case. Is that okay with you? What do you feel? Yeah. And let's like see if we get anything else. I mean, I'm not like hard-sold on the scroll wheel. It's more just to give it a different kind of look. It's going to be in a latex type thing. And that's going to look cool. And that's probably going to have a bigger impact on the scroll wheel. Yeah. Okay, so we're going to go with type push buttons. Yep. And then supplements. How are we going to do that? Oh, what do you mean by supplements? I assume that's what else we're going to, like the additional buttons we can use. Oh, man. So we have like a menu button so that we can access on-screen things. Yeah. Then, okay. And so we're doing an on-screen menu that we can scroll through. So what button's going to be on off? On off volume type of channels. So like one through five. Like a radio type sort of situation. Yeah, like, yeah, like radio presets. Preset channels. And then we're going to need numbers one through zero. Right? I wouldn't even need numbers. I think maybe numbers since it's kind of- Well, but in order to preset it, oh, you guess you can just hold it down when you get to one. Yeah. When you're scrolling to- When you need some kind of, a nice up-down kind of button. Yeah, up-down. The volume and the track double, but, for example. Yeah. Okay, finishing the meeting now. Our next meeting starts in 30 minutes. You each have things to do. Look and field design. Use your interface design product evaluation. And the two are going to work together on a prototype using modeling clay. Okay. This is the instructions for our press-up coach. Wow. Did we decide on a chip? Let's go with a simple chip. Simple chip. Okay. We are done. Thank you, everyone. These are already in our shared folder. Okay. Cool. Okay. It's working out.