 Can you leave some on for a time? It looks like a needle for all time. Is that someone? Thank you. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. Okay. Minutes. We decided to use a kinetic charger. It's a standard chip because it can come in various different sizes. It's going to be a problem factor. We wanted to stand by function. The case materials can be soft, rubbery, changeable. Buttons with a combination of LCD and rubber according to design. Right funky designs. It's by-by-free, keeping with the hip kind of feel. And to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that. And the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-RSI. Okay. Prototype presentation. I think that would be you. Me and William Bogdano prototype. I think William is going to make a presentation on that. Yeah, so I show. Oh, do you want to do on a, do you want to hold it like? Do you want to hold it? Yeah. I'll show you the presentation. Can I just make it? Yes, yes, you can. I'll get it. Great. Well, it looks crazy over here. Crazy on. Thank you. No. Just have one last thing. You can just take it off. Oh, there the hand is. Okay, so this is our look and feel presentation, the final, our final presentation. And we'll first look at the exterior of what we've come up with over there. It's going to have a plastic body with a sort of standard colour, either we're thinking of something fairly neutral like a white or a light blue or something. This is underneath the rubberized, the rubberized outer casing, which there'd be sort of a wide choice. They would be attached, but we can, we can't. The wide choice of colours and sort of patterns. So you've got, you've got a lot of customisation with it. It's obviously in a sort of clamshell design. And the top LCD screen, you can see there would be sort of. How do you say it? Black and white touch screen. Yeah, yeah, it would be sort of in set into the, into the top and the buttons at the bottom would say so it will fully close flat. Oh, right. Yeah. And working on the inside with already said, decided on the kinetic batteries, which actually thinking about it now, could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well so that you could probably get a bit. It's a bit of a top section rather than bottom section because it's a top section. We decided that the voice recognition system, they did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in and they were fairly easy to get hold of. So we presumed that they'd also be quite cheap. They'd have something like what you'd shout out, where, where is the remote and it'll shout back, I'm here or something. And then yeah, it won't shout out, I'm here or something, it'll just shout out, I'm here or something to similar. Yeah, if it was getting that, well, that could be something for next time, maybe. You can have a remote that tells you exactly where it is. The standard, the standard transmission with the TV using, using all the standard chips that we talked about. It would, it would have obviously because it's split over two, two different layers, it would need two separate PCBs that would be joined at the hinge through some sort of cabling. And because obviously all TVs use this, the same infrared medium, we'd just be using using the same thing to transmit the data. And the infrared sender would be on the, on one of the bottom layer just at the front of the, I don't think we actually put it on. Yeah, yeah, someone. Info it could be. Yeah, on the front, on the front side of that. So when you've, even if it's open here, the screen will be open. So when you've actually got to open it, it would be facing the TV. And then finally, on the interface, the top screen, as we said, is would be an inset black and white LCD touch screen, which, yeah, would have. Have all of all of the available functions for the remote on it. Whereas the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons, like the volume up and down, channel up and down, power on and off. And things to that effect. And now we've, we also decided on the inside, we could possibly either have some, some kind of sort of bezeled logo on it or something inset or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top. But not interfering with that. No, not interfering with the whole look of the product when it's out on the thing. And finally, that's how we put the fashion back into electronics. Thanks. That's very what it's called. That's the company logo. Rapping it all out. Oh, okay. I've now got evaluation criteria. Certainly. So this is the one. Sorry. Sorry. Thanks. Thank you. Oops. Sorry. That was a bad wish. Yeah. I think this is a little bit cheap. It's quite similar to what it was before there. Okay. This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the criteria that we got from our market research. So this is the first stage of the evaluation. Now, the collection of the criteria as we saw in our previous meeting was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company. So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting. Are we actually meeting those trends and requirements? Now, the findings that we came up with just a recap are here. The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel. Technological innovation. It should be easy to use. It should incorporate current fashion trends and those the two main ones. They were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colors. The design should minimise our SI and be easy to locate. We were still slightly unbivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there. That did seem to be the favourite strategy. But there was also on the sideline the thought of maybe having a beeper function. Okay. So we can come back to that slide if you don't have a note of those. I'll just show you how we're going to evaluate our own feedback to this to what we have so far. We're going to use a seven point scale where one is true in seven is false. We'll look at each of those criteria that I've just mentioned. I'll call that slide back up. And I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the white board here. Does that seem clear? Any questions there? So we're going to look at these. Is it everybody's going to evaluate or just the more clear? Yes. We're going to discuss each one and we'll come to our consensus rating between one and seven. Okay. One is true, seven is false. Right. So I won't write all of that out again. It will just be criteria one, two, three, four, five, six, or ABCDEF to confuse it with the number rating. This is where I realize how tiny I actually am. Just right, Farley. I'll just do a few more criteria. And rating. Actually, it might be an idea if we each did give our own a division rating and we could take an average at the end. How about that? Yeah, you're going to be okay. So I'll just separate the ratings by your bleak. And if we go one, two, three, four, we know who's here. Okay. Criteria A, the fancy looking feel. How do we feel about this prototype model relating to fancy, is a fancy looking feel? One is true, seven is false. My own rating for that would be a two. One is true and seven is false. How do we do? Yeah, I'd probably put it to, yeah, two or three. No, three, three. Okay. As in, two. I would say four. Four. Okay. I think those up, we've got six and a five, eleven divided by four is what? Two and three quarter for that? Yeah. Three. Two and three quarter? I think so. Yeah. Okay. Two point seven, five. There we go. Okay. Criteria B, Criterion B, technologically innovative. I would give that a three. I'd give it a one. Not that you're biased. No, no, not a two. The designer. A two. Oh, sorry, no, I got it wrong. The first one reading, I'm sorry. Can you just make it two? The average? Yeah, I just thought it was a... You want your rating to be a two? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, I just got it. So I'll work out the average for that again at the end. It's a very slightly altered. Okay. Just waiting for your rating. Two point five for that. Two point five, okay. One decimal. I mean, there's a V-tall. So it's what I'm going to do. So you're rating for this one, pal? Two, okay. So that is eight. That brings it down to two. Two. Yeah. Okay. Ease of use. Easy to use. Based on what you've said there, I would say one. True. Two. Two. Two. I should have said a two to make the arithmetic. We'll just put almost two because we're not going to get into silly decimal places. Okay. Okay. We want to really bring it down. We can do later. Now we're looking at it incorporates current fashion trends. And that's particularly in relation to our market research finding about the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colour. Yeah. Right. So I'm just thinking before I give it my rating, you were limited in the use of materials for your approach of type here. Yeah. Is this actually going to be the colours that you choose? No. No. Right. White or old. Or sort of a light blue. Right. But the changeable facies would allow you to get any basically any one of the number of colours that it's full sort of custom. So you've got fruit and vegetables and that's what we're going to do. Yeah. Okay. And the spongy feel is no problem with that. No, no. Because it does the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put around it. Okay. Otherwise it's just sort of hard plastic. In that case it's got to be a one for me. Yeah, I'll give it a one as well. Yeah. Everybody's okay. One. That part was an opening. Yeah. Okay. Moving on to, does the design minimise the repetitive strain and do you? I don't think we've really touched on that. I know. We've discussed it. We haven't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that. We've talked about pointers but the very use of a remote control. If you're someone who's laughing, who's sitting around, we've found so many people did. How do you minimise that such a small debate? Well the type of button that we're going to use in the bottom here, the material. The material. The mice and psaricide, menti. Mm-hmm. Maybe because it's like with the size of the guy, it's quite small but with the amount of stuff we put on it, isn't that much. Maybe because there's more space, not moving around to the accurately, the buttons in between. It's quite obvious, just big buttons. Right. I think I'm going to have to be neutral on that and give it up. Yeah. Yeah, I gave her five, I think. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Okay. 21, 21, so that's 4.25. Yep. And finally, last but not least, easy to locate. So we talked about voice recognition, we talked about a beeper, we really never had to come to any. Yeah, it was a voice recognition. It was the honest recognition. Yeah. And we're happy with the costs and that. Yeah, yeah, that. Cost-quires. Yeah, that was feasible. That sounds good then. I'd go for, we can adjust the volume on that just as we could volume on TV. I think you're. Something in the other room on TV's different rooms. I think it would probably be a standard, it would be quite loud. Everything. So it would be. And if you didn't hear it in the room, you were standing in and you realized it wasn't in that room. Okay. And then we're going to the room. Logical. That's the one for me. Yeah, one. One. I do realize we might be being fairly biased because it is. So how do we feel about this? We've got our, we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the six criteria there that is for incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate. The lowest rating we've got, which is really, it's not terribly low, it's close around neutral, is for the minimization of repetitive strain injury. Do we feel on the basis of that, of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and know, produce this as a prototype and market it, or do we have to make further modification? I don't think so. I think, yeah, I think. To go ahead, I think. Yeah. Yeah. I think for most of those rating that it's high enough, at the upper end of this scale, first to go ahead with that. And I really don't, on the basis of current technology and of current capability, you could actually do much more. You're much and then probably having a huge big, I know. Okay. And I hope that's clear to the team. Is there anything you'd like to ask me about the findings for, I'm not. No. I'm good. Fine then. I'm going to leave it there. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I've got finance in there. I'm going to plug this in so you can all see it. That's okay. I don't know. Do you want me to want to unplug that? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Now I presume that the screen will be applied. That, um. Okay. We just type numbers into this and we come out the final value. So I was still on for kinetic. Yeah. Okay. So it would have been handy to have this beginning. It might have been for instance, dark choice. Right. What's happening with the electronics? There's regular chip on print and. Oh no, no, no. The, um. Yeah. Yeah. It's, you, you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells. There should just be one in the top. It's the number. Oh, right. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. So would there be two? Yeah. Just, no. One rig. One chip. Yeah. One of them had one sample sensor in sample speed. Okay. Yeah. And a double curve. No. Single one double curve. Two, because it's too low. So that has a slightly flattened bottom that it can fit. So what's a single curve? Yeah, I'd say, I'd say it was. It was one bottom with one curve. Yeah. I think it's. So there's one double curve. One double curve. Yeah. And what, no, because one. One double. Yeah. One double curve. And then the other ones. Yeah. And then the other ones. And then the other ones. But it's slightly flattened at the bottom. So it doesn't roll over. Yeah. I think that's plastic and rubber, anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Lasty koo one, and maybe a little point color. I think rubber since it's being used just as a casing, we can put 0.5. Yeah. Yeah, because there are. I think it allows the point to fly here. We can use that. Yeah. Okay. What does it mean if you put 0.5? It means we are not using a lot of rubber, actually. It's like saying we're using a very low quantity of rubber compared to plastic. See, it says case material. So we're not actually using plastic in the case. No, no, it's as an extra. It's pretty interesting. So that shouldn't be actually on there because that's not incorporated in the cost of the remote you get. But it is going to be part of the total cost. And there's nowhere else we can put that in, is there? There's nowhere else we can code for the rubber used in the casing. So do we not have to put it in the cost somewhere there? Okay, we'll just put it in as half. Okay. We should just put it in as one because plastic is either anyway. Yeah, okay. There we go. Okay, special colour, do you believe that night do? I think I'll go for some of them with exotic rubber jeans and such night colour. End of phase. Push button. Yeah, the push buttons, one and L.C. display one. One button. You I think we could change the battery also. So we're going for kind of the, how we're going for a standard battery. Is that not made any, if you click off that square now, I mean any difference. Was that on run out? Oh no, it was 75. Change. So it's on curve completely and just actually making the rubber case the curve things like that. Yeah. And gold flat. Oh, it's not made any difference, right? No, well, it just rises. No, no, you've got to click off to calculate it again. Okay, there we go. It's going to slide right. In my, you might be assuming that that is in euros, it could be in dollars. And then would be fine because the exchange rate may get better. So we haven't been dealing with dollars there. I think it's a new one. Okay, so the highest we've got is the electronics here. If we turn the interface, if we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery, just going to do a negative. And we're going to do a negative. And we're going to do a negative. Yeah, the standard, we would make one difference. The biggest one would be taking away, if you took away. What I feel is customers never said anything about the battery. It's internal. Nobody looks into the battery. Yeah. But shape and color. If you take away the voice, I don't like to say it. But if you take away the voice recognition, then you've got it. Voice that's a special problem. Do we see what difference it made? Where is the? Yeah, no, because it's samples sent to sample speaker. If you took away that, they'll make it 12.35. Well, the kinetic is 3. If we change it to the battery, that's minus 3. Yeah, but you minus 3 plus 2. All right. We can do it some other way. It doesn't have to be voice recognition. We could do the voice recognition for business class or something. Like an upgraded version. Yeah. You could choose to have it out. But I mean, I don't see why we have set up 25 years now, because they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for a better product. But we're still working to... So should we just change the size of the application? In our recommendation. If we're working to head off the specifications, this is what this project is working for. We can put in our recommendations of what we've found and what the consensus that we've come to is a job. We need to work to that specification to start with. Yeah, we can think. The voice recognition sounds wonderful, but our object is so distinctive that that in itself is going to make it easier to locate, as you know, in our first instance. As you say, we can offer the voice recognition an issue to business class customers. Okay, we can make the price fit and then say... And then say, we recommend... We would have had this because it also sets up our enterprise. Because we've done all the background work. They like their gadgets. They like something that's completely different. Yes. Because someone can be completely different, associated with your company. Right, okay. So if we take voice recognition, I... I'll do... 12.35. Is it 12.50? Is it 12.50? No, it's 12.25. Are you sure? Sorry, not meaning to doubt your work. Yeah, it's 12.25. It's 12.25. Are they going to be really critical about 10p? It's 12.5. Now, quite zero, one of a euro. Which is less than 10p. I don't know what... It's said 50% is a cost. So half of the price is... Is it not there? What is the first one? That's today's. 12.5? Oh, so we are another one. So we are okay. Okay. So, is that... Got us covered for the electronics then. We don't need something else to take that place. No. Okay. Because that was just bolt on X-ray. You could just take that out. And it would be fine. Okay. It seems fine. Yeah, I think it's... Thanks for the voice recognition, everything is... All right. Done, man. Okay. Product evaluation. We've done room for creativity, haven't we? Yeah. We've got decisions that we would have made that we weren't, didn't feel able to make. A presumably discussed leadership in teamwork? Yes. In the sense that... Did you feel like a team or did you feel like... All right. I think we were talking. There was so much interaction, so much that we needed to... Find out, to each other. And I've certainly felt heard, listened to... and that in relevant areas we've been able to give and take. And just our remit, we're necessary. Yeah, I think it was a very constructive feedback by everybody. It's not like people trying to cut each other. It was more of a through cohesive teamwork. We came to a very pretty creative design. And... Yeah, I think, and Sarah, you coordinated the work very well. Thank you. How did you find it? Yeah, no, I thought it went really well. And I, yeah, I felt that everyone was listening to... and all the points that were raised seem to have been... sorted out. They didn't quite make the voice recognition in there. But that's good. Yeah. And I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually. If we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out, I think maybe it would have come out a little different. Yeah. I like the fact that we could say an idea, and it be... suggested that there wasn't the best idea, but no one felt like a short time. Yeah. You know, it didn't matter, saying what you got, because if it wasn't something that was that relevant, then it didn't matter. It was just another idea. Yeah. And... Teamwork, well, you two created that wonderful specimen of a play-doh model. Yeah. I think that was the best part of that. I'm still not caught up. That's nothing to do with the teamwork, though. Maybe we should think of branching it into children's toy. Maybe. Fate mobile phone, the provide one. Fate guy. Yeah, that was quite fun. It means whiteboard digital pens, etc. What if that means? I'd be allowing you either the materials we had for communicating and sharing information. Yeah. Could it have been better? Was it adequate? Yeah. I think we probably would have used the Andrew E. Mouse system more. Had we actually... Had time to kind of... Had more time, and if we'd been separated more... Yeah. Because we could just sort of say, sorry, what do you say about that or what do you think about that? Yeah. Rather than having to imagine it. But it was nice having it there. And like the whole picture of the same. Yeah. But it didn't like moving around a little. I think it's good. Like we spend times individually... And we thought of a remote control with a flip top. Yeah, I think it's... Actually, following from other areas is bringing things from other areas. I mean, nothing in the mean. But it's applying it to a different area. Vegetables. That's mine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no. Well, they have to come from somewhere. Absolutely, yeah. And as... As we're shown by your presentation with all of the other controls from our controls, no one's thought about it, particularly. I mean, there's slightly differences. Someone's been shot in a room and said, make ours a bit different from everyone else's. Because there's something we should think about. But obviously, no one's put anything great to resign to it. The companies are really concerned. They're just like, we've got a DVD player. Does anyone remember the remote control? Can't you get the one that we used for the last one? Yeah, just jazz it off of it. They don't really think about it. Because normally, the remote control isn't the product which they're trying to ship. They're trying to ship the DVD player, the video, the TV. But then when everything is really smart. Yeah. And you've just got this big chunk of black thing sitting on your coffee table. And if you couldn't go, if you could have something that's a proper, funky thing, a funky item, that's individual, individual to you. I mean, they could even go into, you go in with an idea, a new designer on Photoshop, and then they just get it printed on the plastic. You'd pay a lot extra because it's individually being plastic was being made for you. But people could have had anything that they wanted. Surprising, people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones. Every month, you see a new launch or something like that. And new television products coming up. But nobody giving a much idea to this. I think this has been very market research-based. Because just going back to mobile phones, I mean, this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really say is obvious and visible. We see it in mobile phones a lot. And that's where we've borrowed a lot of our ideas from. There are innovations in that that people don't really want. I see people wanting a model of the phone that we're really happy with, and they can't get it anymore. It's innovation for innovation's sake. And I think it's wonderful that our companies are on a deep end. Well, it's innovation for money's sake. The people have to keep it. The first thing it onto people, they might want to buy the thing they've been doing. And you can't get, you've got your hands at the work's fine, and you can't get a battery anymore for that type of phone with the phones of new dawn. Things like that. There's a coveted fitter. Yeah. And in closing. Our costs are blow budget with recommendations for the budget being increased. But I think, I don't know, what do you think? Do you think that takes into account overheads? Like us being well paid for everything? And the heating for the building, do you think our budget includes everything all the costs that are going out? I think it was just the product. I think that was just the physical. So it looks, well, it looks like it's going to be 50% profit. You've still got all of the overheads for my event. So maybe increasing it, you would also have to increase the price of it. So, I don't think. Yeah, I think. But you were saying that that's quite. Yeah, I don't. From the market. It was very specific. I think we've done what we required to do. And I think, well, I'd be another project team or a new project for us to look at those kind of things. I don't think that's something we have to look at. And we're breathing the cash for. Yeah, it was. It's done very well to get within budget. And it still makes such an innovative item. Yeah. So I think people are really going to want to shame it, or never get it. Maybe they're going to steal our ideal. It's a top-sanker. What is this conspiracy going on here? The project has been evaluated well and true to you. And I've got the meeting summary in question here. There's a fine question. So we've got about 50 minutes to catch up with everything that I've felt like. So I'll be delegating it. I am in your last project, super pricing. So good luck. Celebration. You didn't talk about that. I think it's celebration of the 25 times. That will be dancing on the dance. Okay. Let's have it then. Yeah, just the last. Awesome. I think I've got minutes for two of the meetings. Last thing. Question I've done. I didn't have to rate you on how much you're interested in meeting this time. Is that not very question-f, or how you've done in the thing? I'm right. But do we not sometimes evaluate the meeting? Yeah, there it is. I think, yeah, question-f, seven is. So I'm good to put it in the evening. Yeah. Yeah. I just got to.