 Velkom back everybody. So this meeting agenda will be the detailed design meeting and opening and PMs are secret of the meet minutes prototype presentation from Kristi and Agni. Agnes. Yes. And evolution criteria. The finance it's from my side from the management and production evolution, then closing. So we have 40 minutes to discuss and finalize and close the product and project and to move further. Okay. So. Okay. Let's talk about maybe first for the prototype. Okay. So I'll handle to. I've done a presentation but a pretty much covers work that we've both done. So if I'm missing anything Kristi, I got to correct me. So you did a PowerPoint presentation. Okay. Let's go to. Am I? It's not the biggest PowerPoint presentation in the world. It's in two or three or three. It's think it's the last one. No, it's not the last one. Final design. It is named appropriately. Okay. All right. So. From when we were discussing specifying the case in the last meeting, we decided that we wanted an ergonomic shape. The material that we chose was wood and that the color would be customizable because you can stain the wood. Whatever color. So in terms of function, you have to be able to turn the TV on and off volume and channel control, menu control, voice recognition control. And we've incorporated the LCD screen on the flip panel as part of the design. If we figure out it's too expensive, well, let me just take it off. So to unveil our lovely product, this is our remote control with the flip panel, as you can see. So if you lift up the panel, you can see the lovely yellow LCD display. This is actually hard to do. The yellow button you have is the on-off button, so it's really big, hard to miss. You have the red triangles or the toggles for changing the volume. So up, volume up, down, volume down. The green are the channel changing. And it's one of those very light, very touchable displays. And then you have the numeric pad in the dark blue at the bottom. And on the right hand side, you have the access to the menu on the TV and on the left hand side, you have the ability to turn off the voice recognition. So this is pretty much what we had on the whiteboard the last time. And additional feature on the back is you can have your own customized backing. And I suppose you could do the same thing on the flip case on the front, so that you can really make this a highly, highly customizable remote control. We haven't specified where the speaker or the microphone will be placed. That depends on the design of the circuit board inside and what room is left. I think the microphone is on the top, under the flip. So that will be the safe. It's not on the chip because you need to have a microphone out. No, it depends on the design of the circuit board. But it shouldn't be under the flip either because you can have the remote control closed, but you still might want to activate it by voice. Yeah, but my opinion, I think it's better under the flip because whenever you want to at the torque, so then you can speak, then you can close it. Because if you put it on the flip, then technical, I don't think it's a feasible. Because most of the time you speak, then it will be recognized. But if you already got the remote control on your hand and you need to open the flip to use the voice, why use the voice? Why not just use your hand? I mean, the whole point of the voice is that if the remote control is sitting there and I'm too lazy to reach over and pick it up, I can just use my voice. Maybe I've got my hand in the popcorn bowl and I'm holding my cup of Coca-Cola in the other hand. Yeah. You don't want to let go of either one. Now it works. I mean, it doesn't have to be on the flip, it can be on the sides. It also can be on the sides. Yeah, the sides may be good. So that's good, I can pass this around if I don't want to. Yes, I don't want to. It's a better way to pass it around with a napkin. You need to put a microphone on the side that would have no problem, it would not be damaged or anything, it would be accessible all the time to a voice. Yeah, exactly. So it's not good, I guess. It's a couple of minutes to the artist. You need to work on the weight a little bit. Wow. Yes. Maybe the shape of the buttons. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. The most you can know. Or glad, it looks more heavy, but I think when it's come to the reality, maybe it's less weight. Yeah, I mean, this is plasticine, there's only so much you can do. We could have possibly made it a lot thinner as well. But part of the thing is, a lot of people say that they don't like something that's too light, because they don't feel like they have enough control over it. I mean, maybe this is excessively heavy, but I think it needs to have some weight. It needs to feel like you're still holding something. So that's pretty much it for our presentation, actually. It's your prototype, Morty. Okay, that's good. Thank you very much. So any comments or... The prototype is very well within the design and idea that we've talked about in the previous meetings. Now it goes into this next phase, is the financial marketing. So I'll come back to the... Evolution criteria, I think that will be good. So when it's come to the finance, I have some calculations which I made as for the budget. So here you can look like the energy source and the handy dynamo and the kinetic and solar cells. It's optional, somewhat optional, and an advanced chip on print. That's what we were talking about that. So then we have sample sensor and sample speaker. Then we have the wood material, then special color and push button. So actually our budget was 12.5 euro, but it's coming to 9.95 euro, so we are under below the budget. Okay, so still we are saving some money. I think it's a good figure. Yes, great. I'm surprised. Congratulations. Thank you. Oh, we haven't come to money yet, so we're going to... It's going to be a bit of a problem to come to the market. So maybe for some money we can utilize for our marketing, for the sales. Okay, and... Well, it just depends if we're going to add on this... Provisionary cost analysis, we do not have an LCD display. LCD display is going to be very expensive. No, we do, but it's not filled in. It's not that we're saying we don't have the price up there. So if we add approximately 2 to 3 euro per remote, now we're up around about 12.5 to what the company had initially requested. That means we can put the display in. But as far as production, I'm putting up a question because we're talking about profit also. And in mind, you'll see the problem with our survey, the possibility of how many units can be sold, or percentage of the market, et cetera, et cetera, because that has to be taken into consideration. This is just production cost. It is not advertising cost. It's not transportation cost. Yes, so still we have to apply. And that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the unit. For the company. So to come up with what the company wants is a 50 million pound profit, we have to go along with. Yes, this we are talking about one unit. So when it goes into the quantity, and the cost will come down slightly. Although customization, because this is being done on an order basis, it might be the quantity won't... The circuit board, you're right, would be in producing quantity, but the cost of the case would be fixed. You get some pretty cheap labor that can do this case for one euro. That's the cost of material and that's really outstanding. But anyway, still we are under control. So what I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors to get the production cost less. So that we can save some money to put it into our marketing or the promotions, whatever. So I will look after it. I will speak to the management and how to get some more cost on. If we can go to my display and we'll come back to yours. Just to give everybody an idea of the market. It's now I'm going to scare everybody out of this project. If I'm still here, pressing my person via. You're in full? Yep. The forward gives me a scuttle bee train watch. Is this the same one you did before? No. Okay. I shouldn't be if it's not the right one. No, we're good. No, that's the same one you have to go back and find another one. Whatever name it popped up under. Functional. Try function on might not be it either, but we'll see. It looks like it. Yep, that's it. So we'll go screen by screen. Oh, since we need to have some type of idea on the market, we had independent study that says that this market has an availability to absorb 8 million units per year. Okay. Our internal company of allotions puts it between 8 to 9 million, which is approximately the same as the independent study. So if we continue, we look at the findings. Next screen. Which means that if we have a target of 2 million, the company has to take 25% of the market in the first year, which is actually a tremendous amount. No kidding. No kidding. Maybe they already expected that. So if we put an inflated price of 50 euro at a production cost, they cannot exceed 25 euro. Okay, we're already in that price. Yes. Okay, with transport, promotion labor, because we have included the promotion in the cost, transport for the material to the stores or whatever, however we're going to break this down between our retailers. 25% of the market to get to 2 million units, at 2 million units, we have to have a profit of 25 euro per unit to get to the 50 million unit, your profit. Yep. Okay. So obviously we want to, I just did a rundown the evaluation of the form, the fancy stylishness of the unit, the ease of use, speech recognition, cost, we've gone through these. Now the company must evaluate the feasibility of being able to take enough of the market to justify a production. Or we project this over two years, but being that the market changes very, very quickly, maybe there's no more interest in buying this thing in 18 months from now. Yep. So now we have to come over to decision, can the company sell 2 million units? Can it sell it for 50 euros? Could I go to findings? I would like to explore the possibility of using an alternative delivery in sales channel, which would be to use the internet. I was thinking the same thing. For promotion and ordering, and then to drop ship the product to the customer's residence, that way you have no storage, you do have transportation to have the labor cost, but you don't have the transport to the point of sale. The point of sale is online. You can do a shipping center somewhere, or strategically place shipping centers, like Amazon. In fact, we should sell through Amazon. Or eBay. Or eBay, yes. There's an idea going into the... To improve more profit and... Upscale technology. So selling a unique product... It actually makes more sense if we're going to make it so highly customizable, because on the web people can look at the different options they have, see maybe what other people have done, what the range of possibilities are, if you're in a store, unless you're a highly imaginative person, you may not really know what it is you want. Whereas on the web, if you have a bunch of pictures, it can sort of trigger ideas. And you can even have a movie that you can rotate the object and look at the depth. The only thing that you're missing really is the weight. The weight, the feel of the product, but... We're getting used to that. It's not quite like trying on a shoe, but people are getting used to buying things online that they can't touch. I've never looked down through with the watches, so you can customize the watch. You can see how it is at the end of the production. You can change it. There's a lot of online that is doing this now. You're rotating, you look behind, you look this way, as possible to do with this. Maybe there's a possibility of selling more than two million units in one year, which could feasibility lower the price of the unit. You can. Great. I don't think that's not possible. It's okay, then let's wait for the production. You can evaluate the product. How it looks like technically, and how it looks like the real. What turn around time do we have? Production evaluation can be very quick or very long. It's very quick. It will come back in two weeks. It will already in two weeks. Works for me. For evolution. A prototype, assuming. Yes, the prototype. Product evolution. I should do some market tests once we have prototypes. Obviously, some orders and things like that. And test market it. You have to be thrown out on the market for people to get an idea to see. So you can take a minimum to make some four weeks? I think minimum to weeks if we're going to develop prototypes and then try to take them to different places and see how people use. It's not trivial tasks. Yeah, because we are not going to do it in our factory. Okay, so we can do the product. No, we definitely shouldn't do it in our factory. So we will do it at the other place. And I don't think it's taking more than four weeks time. So then the real production, we will start once we product evolution. Then it's approved from the technical team and your team. From the management, then we can launch in the market. Any outstanding? Any other questions or comments to be discussed? No, I think we've pretty much covered everything. Okay, so then... Did you have something? Well, I was just wondering if we're going to do product evaluation and what about time for redesign? If the users come back and tell us, no, this is bad, this is bad, we want this done differently. Okay, let's take it like this. Let's proceed with this model for the market introduction. So no more changes will be made in this, the basic design. So we will introduce this model and let's introduce in the market and let's take the feedback from the customers. Then we can go for the... Second generation. Okay, there's no end, there's no limit. The problem is it may not be a second generation of the first generation, for some silly reason. Because every customer, they have their own ideas, they have their own taste. So there's no end, there's no limit. No, but there's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work, but we don't really have anything back. It comes very specific. Yeah, so that's the reason you're here for the design. Okay, I hope you made a good design. Yes, but I'm not everybody. I mean, the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need. We have our own motivations in mind, we have our own ideas in mind, but that doesn't mean that that's what's going to sell. Yeah, but see, we have to take a few considerations. One is the price consideration, one is the future consideration. You can order it more cheap, I can eat more cheaply. So it depends on individual taste. So we have to balance somewhere. Yeah, of course, I'm just trying to point out that I think that your evaluation and redesign turnaround time is too short. Well, you have no redesign, not you personally, but in the project we have no redesign time. And Ed, do you know what season of the year or time of the year is the most important for a TV remote control sales? Would it be the Christmas season by any chance? The sports time. Sports season. Right before the year of the World Cup. Yeah, so. World Cup soccer, they need those things at both. They have a hand stock you fight and they need you to be able to talk to the Canaryville control. So I think what we need to do is perhaps to synchronize the final, the launch of a user tested device with some special event. Yeah, that's a good idea. And then so that gives us a little more time perhaps than we anticipated because I don't know when the World Cup is, but I'm sure there's going to be one. Point in major sports. Or another major sports event. Probably not the football games coming up the end of January. I think that might be a little too aggressive. Yeah. But so I'm just pointing out a strategy to do some additional user testing. And then to launch at a major sports event or perhaps to also. That's also a good place to advertise it too. And to work with motion pictures. There might be some motion picture that are coming out, that are coming out on DVD, that they need to have a special remote control to work with it so we could maybe work out a campaign with Sony pictures, for example, maybe some management has got relationships there we can leverage. Yes, that of course I will convince the management to do that. That's great. It's just something to keep in mind because it's really, really important. A lot of products have gone out there without being properly user tested and completely flopped. When in fact it gets re-released a few years down the line with proper testing and it takes off like crazy. And so it's a very disposable diapers as an example of that in fact. Really? Yes. It's one of the first consumer products that was launched about 30 years that was a disposable consumer product. And people with the market hadn't really gotten on to the concept that you could use something and then throw it away. But then when they re-launched them 30 years later, they were virtually the same design. But people had gotten to throw away paper cups and napkin, all kinds of things that they hadn't. So, you're right, timing is very important. But I think we've got a good product. That's the reason Eric is here. I think you can promote the brand value and the product value. It's going to be very important to the company. We are behind the scene and he's a friend screen. I have the one. He's on the screen. Exactly. Good luck Eric. It's a flop. It's the marketer. You look very relaxed considering the weight on your shoulders. Okay, so then let's come to the closing celebration. Celebration. How the cost was in the budget. And he's the project evaluated. Okay, so that will come soon. Okay, but our time being, thanks for all your efforts and great work and great design. And let's leave it to the ad platter for once production is over. And I mean that I'm let's celebrate. So let's meet up this evening to hang up for some party. Sounds good. It's good. Thank you. Nice working with you. Thank you very much. Thank you again for all. See you in the evening. Okay, see you later on. Thank you.