 Jjap Lu climb ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Gaga, do you ready? ... ... ...i guess yes yes yes yes ok where do i find this? i'm not a good player ...and then... ...since ...i'm not sure i'm... ...you read the new flash ...no but once again started there was this pressing ...i'm not functioning properly ...no pressing ...you plug in the power cable where you come back ...yeah yeah now my screen is reduced in size ...what? ...it's difficult? ...yeah ...feedback ...ok ...ok ...i'm not going to read ...for not ...for let's see ...so it doesn't draw the attention away ...it's stressful ...i made my own map ...no not this but the task ...yeah ...no that's ok ...did you change anything about it? ...no i just flipped it, closed it ...took it here and then this happens ...and that's the only way ...it's the other way ...where was it? it settings ...well call me when it's... ...ok ...alright ...thank you ...do you guys like your tasks? ...yeah ...i spent a lot of time thinking about what i was going to do ...and then ...a couple of minutes before this ...i get my function you know the information that i need ...so frustrating ...yeah i don't like it ...and then just typing it to then ...oh i have to do that ...so this presentation is mainly based on my own ideas ...because i had time to integrate that information ...yeah ...really annoying ...ok ...by your humble PM ...yeah ...ok this is the agenda ...um...you have three presentations ...i heard ...any ...yeah really ...so who wants to start? ...yeah it's fine i want to start ...we have to start it right away ...yeah ...functional requirements ...ok ...alright ...i'm going to talk about functional requirements ...um... ...well some research has been done ...has been done ...observing of 100 ...subjects and usability lab using the remote control ...and they also failed in the questionnaire ...the findings were ...well you can see them for yourself ...they disliked it look a field of current remote controls ...they are ugly ...um... ...they do not match the operating behavior of the users ...so they don't match ...what they want to have on it ...um... ...they are often lost somewhere in the room ...um...it takes too much time to do ...and how to use a new remote control ...and they are bad for ...error's eye ...and i don't know how a user can reach that ...but ok ...um... ...there is also... ...was also for research on ...the most relevant and irrelevant ...functions ...um...most irrelevant and less use ...where audio settings, mono stereo, ...bitch, bass ...um...screen settings for brightness and color ...and stuff like that ...um...but they are used ...um... ...they do need to be in the... ...yeah they do need to be on the remote control ...um...if you can control ...the sound settings, i mean if you dislike ...a very loud bass or something ...you need to change that ...um...yeah we have to ...we have an equalizer ...yeah i mean we can't ...my ntv has ...alright we can leave them ...away ...um...most relevant and most use functions ...and they speak for themselves, i guess ...power button, channel volume selection ...talytex ...but we can skip that ...because i saw the new slash ...and talytex is so outdated ...that it's... ...and not be used any more in the future ...so forget this one ...and channel setting ...so for programming your channels in the right order ...you guys get that new slash ...yeah...yeah i'll get anything ...on the project ...not by mail, i received mail ...but he does ...no so it's a text file in the project folder ...so talytex can be skipped ...um...that's in the presentation Hanna a wasn't research on new features in remote control about an LCD screen and speed track We got an update for the audience or the targeted group so it's about 40 I guess The new product or below because that's pretty relevant I thought I read A-punch customers are in the age group 40 plus. And the new product should reach new markets which is... Below. OK, well. That's in the news. That's in the news. OK, that's good to know. Because you see a clear distinction between the age groups, concerning the features. I mean, above 40 people are not so interested in the screen or speech recognition. But below the age, they pretty much are. So I think we can build that in. Yeah, well, we can skip this part as well. Because I thought I read above 40, so we could skip the features. But we just have to build them in because they find it very interesting. Well, we have to keep all the classic functions, but make the buttons as user-friendly as possible. And also, so not only the design of the buttons, but also how you can push them, stuff like that, so the physical aspect of it. And I think, certainly, for the lower age groups, a nice design, which does not make you remote control on the outer-stainer room. But it's actually a part of your interior of your design in your room. So the people can say, whoa, what's that? Well, that's my remote control. So it has to look nice and feel nice and have all the functions that... But those who need to have the corporate identity. Yeah. So the logo has to be present and the colors. Present, yeah, and the colors as well. Oh, we can change much of that. Two-year-old. Yeah. So I don't think that's a problem, because the thing has to have a color anyway. And most of the times, there is a brand present on it, so... I think that's not going to affect it very much. But that are the consequences on the marketing part. Yes. OK. It's open already, so you can use all the top two. Thank you. F5. F5. OK. Oh. Go here again. Oh, no. How do I... You pressed all that for? No, no, no. I pressed the mouse button. Oh, great. That's the self-destruct button. Yeah. Maybe you can do it from your computer. Yeah. Just give it all go. Yeah. Stand around here. Sure. All right. That's nice. F5. Yeah. All right. So, I had two examples. This one is the advanced one with a lot of options and functions and pertains. This is the easy one. I think we have to combine them. Yeah. And merge the best functions of our examples. But, yeah, the age is under 40. Yeah. And marketing research stated that kind of users are not afraid of a lot of functions. So, we have to optimize our functions. So, not too much, but, yeah. Yeah. And we do have to integrate the screen and... And the speech recognition, yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. This one we can remove for kids. It's just only for adults. So, we can use some advanced options. Yeah. From age of 16. Yeah. But I prefer we use the basic options. Yeah. We have to make them very easy. So, for just zapping around channels, you can just push one button. But if you want to use your video recorder or something else, you should use an advanced option. Yeah. But the new flash also stated that it should control only one device, only your television. Yeah. So, it's very easy. So, they're not extra options in this case, but... And also, yeah. Yeah. We have to make it fashionable, you know, set before. Yeah. The basic functions. Yeah. Only use the extra functions if they are really needed. Yeah. So, maybe you can hide that more something. Yeah. Well, what we can do with the screen is all the configuration options you can put that in the screen. And that... You make a screen menu yourself. Yeah. A screen menu to do that. And then the basic function just on the device itself. So, it looks very simple and all the advanced features are hidden in the screen, with a clear menu. The functionality is the screen. What does the screen do? All right. What does it have? It has a low on power. What are they? So, what does the screen do? They said they needed it. What does it do? What do they want with the screen? For the advanced functions, I think. Yeah. Well, it didn't say what they want to do with the screen. Well, I guess it's pretty handy for advanced functions. Searching for channels. Yeah, searching for channels programming then. Nevermind. Good back of mind. But I'm almost finished. Okay. We have to watch out for the... If we make it very fashionable, the functional functionality will go down. So, we have to make a compromise between functionality and the professional... ...content and form. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. Yeah. Okay. Well, my presentation is a bit... ...sucky. Well, you can improvise, right? Yeah, a little bit. No. No. Yeah. The functional requirements? Yeah, I think that would be it. No. So, we can go for... That was... ...evil, you know. Let me check. It's not really English. I know. The kickoff... Oh, working. You've only got it. Yeah. So, we can go for the look I feel of the left example and then a screen on top of it. Here you go. All right. How do I skip pages? Just the press of the keys. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Well, I was working on this before I got my information. So, I was just working off the top of my head using my common knowledge about remote controls. And, well, the info on the website, which came to it. So, I didn't really know what kind of functions we had to put into it yet. So, this is basically an overview of what we discussed in our last meeting. Those were my starting points. I was working on a schedule and I was supposed to do it like this. But, yeah. The information came and it was kind of exact with all the steps in the remote control that I had to follow. So, I was trying to organize them for myself and then make the design. The actual design. But I never came around to do that. So, I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to say about it. I mean, everything speaks for itself, I guess. You press a button. It sends a signal to a chip, which translates it into infrared signal of certain spatial frequency. And our temporal frequencies, actually. And then, through a transformer, the signal gets boosted. And then, sent to the receiver on the TV and it if you will translate it into a function. Well, this was actually all I got around to do. I don't know if I'm too slow for this stuff. Work harder. Should make a list of all the functions we want to. Or we want to incorporate it into it. Okay. For those that didn't see it yet, the basic new requirements of the management were no temp text, only for TV. It should be designed for a user group below 40. But I don't think it's wrong if we can target the current customer group as well. And the corporate identity should be clear in the design of the remote control. And we have to decide on the functions and on the... Let's see, what was it? The target group. We have to make me clear what that is. The target group of users or? Yeah, users. Because it says below 40. I mean, I guess that's the target. Yeah, it's our male and female. The marketing research started on the age of 16, 16 to 25, 25 to 35, 35 to 45, something like that. So below 40 is okay, but we need a lower level which is... How do you miss? So from 16 to 40, is it from 20 to 40? 16 to 40. But I guess people of 16 are quite used to technology. Yeah. So they adapted pretty soon, I guess. If we have a larger public, we have more options to sell our product. Yeah, so what we might want to do is... Have customized the screen functions, if you know what I mean. That younger users are more acquainted with these kind of machines. So they can use more advanced functions, but maybe elderly people don't understand it so well. So they need a simpler remote. Yeah, that you can choose what the design displays or... That's right. I wanted to make two different groups of functions. The simple functions for the whole public. And the advanced options for the younger people who are more experienced. So they all incorporate it in the screen or just on the remote itself. I should put the extra advanced options on the screen display. Yeah, like you have a visual of the brightness with a sliding bar and a bus and stuff like that for sound and visuals. So you should have a menu for all the... Make a regular, which you make it drawing. There you go. Let's do... Shall I? Like so, babe. I thought it was very big. Oh, yeah, it's okay. You don't have to have long controls, so... Yeah, we get the idea. Yeah, well, this is basically... ...a remote. All right, remote. Usually the power button is on top, I guess. You should be easily reached with the thumb. Yeah, so it should fit right into your hands. Right. Most people are right-handed, so... Maybe left hand is a special dish, but okay. Should we put it like here? Or something? I don't know. There you can put a screen, like on a mobile phone, also on top, I guess. Yeah, but if you are using the normal functions, the basic functions, you normally do it with the thumb. So it should be a little bit longer so that you can put your thumb also reach the middle. Or you should screen at the bottom, and then you can see it very clearly. Okay, so you have it in your hand and the screen is below. And the buttons are in the middle. For example, if you put the screen here, it's more about the functions now than the layout. It doesn't work too well, it's a spend. I can help it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah, okay. Okay, you get it. For example, if you put all the... Right. It was a normal piece of paper, and there's a pen. Yeah. And my pencils. Not good. Kind of works. Yeah. Like if you have like ten buttons for all the channels. And here one for flipping. Yeah. And the volume. Yeah. That's usually like here, here, here, here. So you have up and down for the channels. Left and right for the volume. Those can also be used for the menu. Yeah, exactly. But this is really your department that we need just the functional display. For a cursor function. And if you can use the flow. Most of the time you have one button in the middle. It says menu. And then if you press it, the screen gets activated. And then you can use these buttons to scroll up and down and left and right to go into a function. And then most of the time this menu button is also like okay to confirm a kind of action. So you scroll into it. Okay, you select a function like base. You just adjust it with these two buttons. Then okay to confirm. And then on each screen there's this you've been option to go back to to upper level. And finally say okay, exit or one button to exit it. And one time I don't know that's not really my department. That's more your department to to. Yeah, but it should be if the screen is here then the logo should be on top. Yeah, I mean, it's okay. Yeah, but it depends on where you put the screen. Yeah, it's essential that there is a screen. Yeah, I mean the position of the screen is also more essential than I mean we look where we have space left and then put the logo over there. But for the speech recognition part if you want to incorporate that we need to microphone. Yeah, so it should be I mean if you have a thing your hand here should be on top somewhere. Yeah, why do we want to put the display in the bottom? That's not sure, but it's new to display. Because if you use the functions your hand will block the display. Yeah, okay, but that's only for the basic function. If you are going to use the advanced option you are going to press the menu button and then yeah. Yeah, I mean a screen on top looks more normal logical to me also because people use mobile phones and they also have a screen on top. So you just have to reach a little bit for the power button. I mean if you grab it once it's on it's all you don't need to. Most of the times if if if if TV is on standby people just press the channel to put it on. So we put this on top and then make the corporate logo like over here are and just and the microphone I mean it can be very small if you do get your mobile phone. So it is are some stripes little little holes. Maybe on the top or even on the side. Yeah, maybe on the side I mean if the microphone is good. Yeah, okay, so on the on the top is better. But if you if you hold the remote like this if you put it on the top on the side. I don't know. Yeah, it should be able to. Yeah, it does is on the sensitivity of the microphone. Yeah, it doesn't matter that much. So what I'm the screen is on top and which functions did we have left. I mean this is basically numbers for you. The volume channel up and down. Screen is over there. At least we should decide what at least options we want to put in the LCD screen. Yeah, that's that's a good one. Yeah, so we we needed to integrate those sound and image options right. Yeah, based sound. So we need kind of an equalizer. So if you have sound. But not too advanced. I mean most TVs use only treble and bass. Yeah, treble and middle bass or something. Yeah, it's pretty hard to write. Yeah, okay, but you have sound. Yeah, sounds. Yeah, just. Oh, you have a digital better writer down over there. So you have sound. Yeah, yeah, sound. And then within sound, I guess treble and bass. Yeah, the mono stereo option. Yeah, and also there was something else also and then pitch. Yeah, but pitch isn't that. Yeah, that's the height. Yeah, the frequency is the down. Yeah, okay. Yeah, why would you use that? Yeah, isn't it? It depends on the signal of the program you're watching. Yeah. And also the tuning part. Programming part. Yeah, programming. So we have sound, yeah, channel programming. And in the functionality of the. Television. No, no, of the remote. Do we want the buttons to make sound when you press them? It's a confirmation or whatever, you know. I think it gets annoying. I mean, most mobile phones use that in the beginning, but. And the advanced option. Yeah, you can put that. The television itself has also the options with brightness and screen color, etc. So contrasting. Yeah, but people don't want to sit underneath, underneath the front of the television, which has usually only three buttons. And it's very hard to. Yeah, contrast and brightness. Yeah, those are the most used, I guess, if you don't get your monitor. Well, yeah, well, I guess that this word only wants, I guess. It's easy. Yeah. But so we have. We have TV options, which is all this. Yeah, the sound options. And you have in it that the remote control options. Yeah. So we need two menus kind of thing. Yeah, you have basically a button menu, which you can use directly. According to the output, and the LCD options are activated based on some software options that communicate with the infrared. Yeah, with the chip and then translate. I mean. So you have an additional processor. Yeah. Well, we have power button, whether that's present, channel volume selection present, numbers present. Yeah, audio settings, monastery, repeats, based treble, screen settings, brightness and color. Yeah, contrast is. Yeah, okay, color and brightness. And then which is a channel setting, so channel programming. So you have an option to start scanning all the frequencies. And when it encounters one, well, it shows on your TV. And then you can. And then you can select a number in your remote, which want to save it. The program is auto seek. Yeah, auto seek. Name the channel. Well, most TVs automatically display the name, which they get through the cable. Oh, they get the automatic names. Yeah, so you only have to choose the position on your. It only has to match the channel frequency on your TV. Yeah, with the position on your TV. And so your remote. Yeah, but can you also say I want for a Veronica on the channel number five? If you already programmed it. Yeah, if you want to move it, yeah, that should be possible too. How do you call that? Yeah, how do you call that? You should be able to browse through a list or something, which with displays all the values, all the channels, which are possible. I mean, like one, two, thirty or four, nine here or whatever, just browse through it. And then some kind of way see if it is programmed. Swap channels. Yeah. Swap channels. Swap is a good option. Okay. Most of the time, if you swap it, let's say for example, you have RTL5 on channel five. And Veronica on channel eight, and you want to move it only to channel five. Most of the time, if you overwrite the previous one. Well, that's a tool. Yeah. It's pretty, yeah, I mean, you have to look on the menu. Those are working on the TV. Also. He only has to figure out how that's to look. Yeah, but also which bitons you have to press to get a certain result. Yeah, okay. The working design was to specify how the fiscal interaction between the components was. I deleted your homework. Or is it too hard to just do it on your remote to program the channels? No. It should be able to do a very big thing. The communication with the television is difficult, but that's a hard part. No. You don't have to design the protocol. That's true. Thank God. Yeah. Okay. So we have a figure out the way to do that easily. I mean, the auto-seq is not a problem. You add a counter and channel, and then it just says on which number do you want to save this? And you just press the number on your remote, and then say confirm, okay, and then it's saved. It's easier if it's harder to, if you have already programmed it, to swap. So we have to think of something for that. The user interface designer can design a menu for all these functions, so we'll put them on the menu. Kind of structure into layers. You make a map with all the, yeah, because it's now, there are lots of documents. Yeah. Yeah, I can. I'll just try to reorganize things. So. So you design the basic function menu for the LCD screen. And the layout of the thing itself. I think the layout of the screen, I think you can concentrate more on the bit and placement, and the placement of the screen itself on the... Isn't that more than you, and I'm just trying to interface. So I think there's more in... All the functional aspects of the... Maybe more. I think I am my department. I have to know what it has to do. So if you want to, you know, the changing the channels kind of thing is... I have to integrate that into the design. So the layout of your function. Yeah. Well, I think that's a good set. Do I have to... Yeah, to make the menu layout also, or... Yeah. Yeah, I guess so. I think that's your department, yes. We have to kind of work together. If I make the... The... The menu, like... I have to state which function has to be in the menu, and then you have to decide it... Yeah. In a way that is usually friendly. So you are going to make a list of what functions are going to be on the menu screen. And I'm going to make a nice menu. Yeah. With some layers in it. Yeah, and also... So many... Make clear which buttons to press to get certain results. Yeah. Because that's always difficulty every device at the time. Yeah, well, I guess this button, the OK... Menu OK, or you can incorporate two different buttons, like you have on your mobile phone. So this is only to get in the menu or to exit it. And then I want to confirm, I want to go one step back. So it's like the say button on your mobile phone if you have a Nokia or like that, or the no button. To go one step back, it's only two extra buttons. But if it's very clear that they are for the screen... I think we have to make two groups. One group for the display and one group for the basic functions. Yeah, but they are incorporated. Yeah, because this is used for both. Yeah, but maybe that's not... If you're stepping with your remote control, you can press the menu button. And then you are suddenly into the... Do your screen. OK, so you leave the menu button out of here. And just put it under the screen. Just group the... Yeah, we make these advanced functions and these basic functions. Yeah. We make a line between them. But we should place the screen on top, right? Well, for... Oh, yeah, OK, yeah, we swap... Yeah, you just find out that the handle you lay on. Do we do the extra two buttons or not? I think you should. It's easier if you put too many functions in one button, it gets confusing. So we have a menu button and a... It's to OK and back. Yeah. OK and back. Yeah, confirm and back. The more arrows... But those are still you, don't really use. Should we save this picture or, you know, what it looks like? Yeah, I'm not clear about the extra two buttons. We have a menu button. Yeah. Yeah, just to activate the screen. So, when you built and access the menu in the LCD screen. And then with these buttons, you can navigate. You navigate. But you can also navigate the channels. So that's not... Those are both multifaceted. Is it interesting for users if we put lead lights under the buttons? So that if you press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are... Lid and up, yeah. That's very good idea. Five minutes. All right. Yeah, that's a good idea because then it becomes clear which buttons are active now, which you can use. Yeah. And then it's also easier to integrate several functions in one button. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So... Anything else? Those buttons are little. But just one thing. Should we use those two then or only this two to scroll. And then use the two functional buttons to confirm to go into something. All right. We have to use these two at just... Keep it optional because maybe you can go left, right, and up and down. Yeah. Maybe we should use this also as an okay button still. And then just only a back button. Well, we have those buttons. The problem with the okay button in the middle is sorry. Yeah. Sorry. If you're pressing up and down, you can easily press the okay when you're not already at your choice. And then you make one okay button. And one back. And one navigation button. Yeah. With the channel and the volume, yeah, a multi-functional navigation button. Okay. That's what we decided. Yeah. All right. Okay. So... You want to close down? Yeah. I want to close down. Sorry. That's okay. Because you don't like it. But we have a lunch break already. And then we can work for 30 minutes. And I have to write very fast to make the minute. Yeah. And we'll see. All right. How long is the lunch break? I don't know. We have to write. Do we have to write down our stuff now? First lunch break. I believe that's first lunch break. Everything in my head now. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think you can put the laptop back in the room. Yeah. Yes, sir. Time pressure. Okay. Yeah. It's a lot of pressure. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry for my... Not finished presentation, huh? Sorry. Yeah. We'll kick your ass later. Bring it on. I don't know if it works, but... You saved it? Does it save automatically in the project folder? Yeah. It's... Okay. We'll see. Just put my laptop... I need my laptop. All right. You can use it. Yeah. You can open it with picture preview or stuff like that. Some maps with all the data we... Yeah. I tried to organize it by G3. Yeah. Yeah. It's just my own map. Yeah. I put everything into one. Yeah. I don't really mind. I just put the menu here. We'll see. But you got some actual information. Yeah. That's in the functional design. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's just basically what I just... What's where did you get the mission? Yeah. Yeah. I got the file. I got the only one. Yeah. Okay. I'm blurry. I don't do it. Okay. All right. Make me proud. I'll try to. So first we have a lunch break now. Yeah. All right. I believe so. Oh, just... Oh. I don't know where she's at, though. I don't know where she's at, though.