 Okay, I'll go for the body. I guess you all know what is it about? You all received the email, I guess. We are actually doing this meeting to start a new project, which is about designing remote control. So I'm going to be the project manager of this project and so I'm present myself. I'm Fabian Cardino and I guess you can present yourself. I don't know you can start. Okay, so my name is Petre Fossik, you can call me Petre here or Peter if you like. My name is Bob Marse. In the project I'm supposed to be the technique. So my name is Bob Marse. I'm the marketing expert for this project. Bob, Bob. Okay, my name is Hamid Ketabdar and I'm going to be an interface designer in this project. So today we are doing a short meeting to present the project. So we are going to present the tool. We are going to use during all this project. We are talking about the project plan and we are going to discuss about our first ideas. So we have around 25 minutes to do this meeting. So what is the goal of this project is to design a new remote control. So it should be of course new and original and it should be 20 and user friendly. That means it's a very challenging project. So we will try to do our best and hopefully come with something very new and that people want to buy. So what are we going to do during this project? So it's small, like we are going to do individual work or in our specialties and we are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and to find a good way. Yeah and everything will be like this. So now we are going to get used to the tools. We are going to use all during all this project. So we can try to use the whiteboard here. For example we can try to write what is our favorite animal and write our favorite characteristics about it. So I will ask you all to do the same. Just to get used to the whiteboard. So I'm probably going to try to draw the animal. Well you should have drawn the picture of the animal. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Go ahead. Okay, so I would use the bird. So I tried to sketch it out. I had to first write it down because I'm not absolutely sure if I can write it down. Can you recognize it? Okay, so I think my favorite animal would be a cat. That's it's head. I probably like cats the most because they are cuddly and very playful. I sure. Okay. No, I don't know if I should go. I'm sorry. Maybe put it on the desk or something. Yeah. I should get used to the tools. Okay, just wait a little bit. Could we put it here? Make it as straight as possible. I probably know. Okay, thanks. You're a pelmarka, thanks for a lot. Are you left handed? No. Should I clean? Okay, I think like horses because they are strung and beautiful. So if I want to write it here, I think it can. Never mind. It's maybe better if you leave it. Yeah, maybe we should just continue. Yeah, don't worry about it. Oh, no, no, no, no. No. You won't draw them? You can draw it. I don't know if I can. Just try it. I would like to see how it looks like. It may be like a cow or I don't know what it is. I'm not good, very good in drawing. Okay, so this is very, it's a bird, I think. I don't know what is it. No, I think it's clean. Okay. I'm shameful. It's okay. It's good. It's good. It's in the beautiful. I'm strong. Yeah. Okay. So good. So let's talk about Monet. We are going to sell, we want to sell this remote control for 25 euro euro and our expected profits will be around 50 million euro. And we are trying to have a market all around the world. So notice not only for Switzerland but for the world. So we expect a production cost of maximum 12.50 euro. Per unit, I guess. Yeah, of course. Okay. So we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do, what are our experiments with remote control and any ID. So if you have some experience good or bad with remote controls, you can share it and say what you think, what is your idea or anything. Well, from experience, I've had remote controls in the past that I've had very, they've had lots and lots of buttons and they've been very small and it's been very hard to to use because there's so many buttons and you know it's very hard to see which buttons do what and the buttons are very small and very hard to press. And normally you only ever use, on a TV remote, you only ever use mostly for six buttons. So it's frustrated me in the past. Okay, I have also some points, maybe two points. First would be that in current remote control, there's no big light. So if you're playing with this in the dark room, it's probably worse to have something like a big light and maybe it could be also dependent on the the amount of light in the room so that if it's in the day, it doesn't need to be big light, it's because it works on the battery. So something like this and the second thing, second point for me would be that in normal remote controls, there's there are two buttons for volume control but I prefer like a potentiometer or something like, okay, you know some slider okay, not just two discrete buttons for volume but something which is that because of the discrete volume levels or is that yeah but I can reach in a one second I can mute it down or I'm not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and the volume can grow very quickly and if it drops to the floor that it passes through when you take the remote control for example on the table, you take it and you push the button and everything is very loud and you have a lot of power. It depends what you feel about that. Okay. Yeah we can think of these things afterwards but if matter you have some elements you can do. Yeah just a simple experience. I prefer remote control working with radio waves because remote control working with infrared waves you should keep it in a specific direction and then try it without a few more. Okay let's continue. I have a meeting in five minutes so okay maybe we should hurry. Okay. So we will close the this meeting so we will have a next meeting in 30 minutes. So I will ask you to do some work. The interface developer will work on the design of the remote control start to have new ID and which is how much? It's the industrial designer. Now you're the industrial designer. I'm the technical designer. Yeah I think that's the first deal. ID. Industrial designer and the second one is the user interface designer. And then last one is marketing which is me. Okay so for the user interface designer which is Ahmed. You are going to work on the technical functions of the remote control. Okay. And for the marketing manager which is Bob you're going to try to to find the user requirements for the remote control. You will receive by email the specific instructions and by your personal coach. So I see you in 30 minutes. Great. Okay. Thanks guys. Bye. Thank you. Bye. Let's go back to the real work. See?