 Hello again. Hey, Project Manager. Project Manager, I'm talking to tell you I have little problems with my laptop. Okay. So I had a little less time to complete. Okay. A little problem. A little problem. A little problem. The laptop, the entire window is in a good hand. A hug. Project Manager. Yes. Our Project Manager. Your Project Manager. Welcome to the conceptual design meeting for real reaction. Hello again. It's the same as the last time. Also this time there will be three presentations. And we must reach a decision on the remote control concepts. At the end, when I finish it off, I have some info from a more class I visited. I have some information. I'm doing a lot. Mostly. I used to master. The concepts on where we must reach a decision on are from two sorts. Compend concepts and user interface concepts. The first one is really about the total package. Well, we have decided to do the touch screen. But it must be a case around it. So it won't be as breakable. How about the energy? Can you reload it? Or just berries which you must exchange? The user interface concept. With the type. The supplement where to put word button. And I would say, yes, can you begin? Sure. At the end, I will take notes. At the end, the minutes will be at the share pool. Let me see. I think it's this one. I'll be talking about components. What I did was I reviewed previously used items by two different age groups. Below 45 and above. I just watched what the differences are. I checked what we want. How can we aim at the target group? What I found was that senior citizens. Sorry. It's okay. They like the traditional materials like wood and such. They like wood and chrome. They like straight forward shapes. They like luxurious styles. Whereas the young and dynamic. They like more soft materials. Finger of the teletabits, for instance. Soft and fluffy and colorful. Well, the shapes are curved and round. You get them at the picture. And they like sports and gaming. And they give them the vitality. So, one little question about the material. A soft material for a remote control. I'll get to that. You'll see. First off, let's start with the energy. I had a choice between a few different sources. But the two basic sources that I found were the best possible with a battery versus kinetic. When you move something, it gets energy. I figured, well, that's kind of high-tech. When you have a remote control, when you pick it up, it has power. That would be actually very nice. I figured, but we could also use a battery that's better. When the power gets low, you have to shake it or something. Yeah, you just have to shake it around. Then it has some more energy. Well, you could just go for a battery. Oh, you could go for both. Have you considered the option of using the solar panel? Yeah, I actually did. But the thing is about solar panels. You have to have light. Some light preferably. You could use normal light, but you wouldn't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery or something. So, ultimate use of a solar panel. You could actually use solar panels. But you'd have to implement them into the remote control, leaving you a bit less space for the interface. Yeah, less space. So, what's actually, I figured that, well, seeing that you'll always be within the distance of TV. And from the TV, there comes a whole bunch of light. So, it would actually power itself from the TV. But you would just take up all the space and you wouldn't have the full amount of power actually used. So, prefer a kinetic? I prefer a kinetic, because it's, well, the costs aren't that much higher. And it's just a bit more high-tech than a normal battery. Yeah, if you don't move a remote control. No, but you pick it up and you press buttons. And that's enough to keep the energy level... Yeah, well, actually it is. And if it isn't, you just shake it a bit. And it would power up again. But what I said, you could use a battery that you just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves. And for rest, you just use all the battery. And when the battery doesn't work, I usually shake it too. So, I'm slamming it on. Exactly. Exactly. Thank you, Tim. Well, furthermore, we checked the cases. We have different options concerning the cases here. You simply add a basic standard model. It was kind of square. And I figured that was a bit boring. So, you could go for the single curve or the double curve. Single curve, it's just a nice curve. Or, but you could go in a double curve. And that's several different dimensions. That gives you a whole new... Dynamic loop. Yeah, that gives you a younger and more high-tech look, I figured. But we'll discuss later. Are you going to draw it? What? Want me to draw in 3D? Yeah. I can't imagine. Yeah, I could show you. I could show you. Well, let's say... Yeah. Let's say that's your standard design. Yeah. That's a bit of standard design. But you could actually go like something like this. And then in 3D, if you could go... So, you just... Yeah, this is a bit of difficulty in... I didn't take a major in art. But you could have a whole new... The back... The depth you could just play around a bit. You don't have to use standard... A little artistic. Yeah, you could... At least more space for creativity. Okay. It might be an idea, but... Well, for the more... Well, plastic versus rubber, we could choose what's better... Plastic or rubber? I prefer rubber because it feels... Yeah. It's soft. Yeah, it's soft and... I like soft people. Yeah. I mean, plastic also has that cheap feeling to it. Plastic... I usually associate plastic with something as cheap. That's maybe just me. We could... Talk about a layer. Furthermore, buttons, traditional or touch screen... Well, we discussed it in a previous meeting, so I figured... Just leave it at LCD. And chipset. Well, if we are going to use traditional buttons, we could go with a simple chipset. But if we decide to go on a LCD screen, we would use... We would use an advanced chipset and it would bring the necessary cost source with it. So that's something we have to keep in mind. If it isn't a manageable budget wife, we'd have to go over to simple buttons. Well, I think we're going to sell 10 millions of them. So I bet a big company in Korea or Taiwan, like Samsung, and it covers a big discount on the chipset. Yeah, probably. Usually chips are more expensive than one dollar. Yeah, probably, but so. But that shouldn't be a real issue. That shouldn't be a big issue. I just had a big summary here. We could discuss it a bit. What are your ideas when concerning battery versus kinetic? I think you should use kinetic as a backup. Yeah, combination. Combination, right? You used Bethany and charged it up with kinetic. When you pick it up, you charge it up. Like an acu. Acu. Yeah, yeah. Just like the wirewhip from Cycle. Yeah, exactly. What do you think? I prefer both to combine them. Combining. Well, that would bring some more cash. But I mean, who cares, right? That's the project manager's problem. 50 cents battery. Yeah. 50 cents. Well, and then we have single curve versus double curve. Oh, maybe I have something in my presentation to... Good, but then. Okay, now I'll just wait and... Plastic versus rubber. Rubber. Yeah. It's impossible to make combination with kind of rubber. It's an all-bendable, all-rounder. So you've got to sit there around. Oh, I figured it would be rather hard. Rubber. Yeah, this is an occasion. Rubber caching, because if you use a touch screen, it's just a casing around it. Yeah. You could go for plastic, but I figured. Yeah. I would choose rubber. Maybe I can ask it right now, the question that I have. Is it possible, is it necessary to make a touch screen square? It is, and I think, eh? I don't know. I think touch screens are generally square. Yeah. But it's the case you put around it that makes a shape. Maybe we can. Yeah, okay, but if you have a square LCD screen, you put a case around it that has like bulbs or... That covers part of the LCD screen. Yeah, that would solve custom-isable. Okay, I get it. So one of the opinions, rubber or plastic, I prefer rubber. Me too. Okay. You can... You seem to hesitate a bit. As long as it's firm, and you don't... Yeah. It's not bendable or something. I think that goes too far. Yeah, it shouldn't flop over when you hold it. No, no. No, no, no. That's the chipset will hold it firm in place, and the LCD screen will... It might even bounce back when you're in problem. Yeah, it might. Traditioner versus LCD, we're all set on that. And then also the simple versus advanced. I figure if we go for LCD, we should have the advanced. Yeah. So that shouldn't be a problem. Okay, well, that's my... Thank you. Welcome. Can I do anything? Yeah. Do your thing. Okay. Bring it on. Expert map. Okay. Last week, I went to Paris and Milan, from Transwatching, from marketing. Our research and development department, and I went to Paris and Milan. In Paris and Milan, we asked different people, differing in age and in income, the amount of money to spend. What they like in design and material nowadays. Findings. Our main audience, so that's people below 40, prefer the following. At first, the colors of fruit, very basic colors, like Janus explained. Fresh colors, green, red, strawberry, red, yellow, banana, yellow. Considering material, they like spongy material, like a soft material. Janus mentioned it also. I think he did some findings himself. You were in Paris. Like this. Big, flashy colors, fresh. It's nice, I think. Okay. Our secondary audience, people above 40 years of age, they like the dark traditional colors. Yeah. Materials like wood. Yeah, wood is not a material you will build a remote controller. Oh, you could. No. Okay, but just a wooden look. Like you have those fake panels on the floor, that isn't wood anyway. But that's our secondary audience. We decided to take the people below 40. This doesn't apply. The third, there are some overall thoughts about newer mode controls. They have to look fancy. They should be technological and innovative. That means they have to be fancy things in. And easy to use. But that's common. My personal preferences. We have to aim at our main audience and therefore use fresh colors. Would you prefer, did you choose the color of your remote control? I'll come to that in a second. Here, think about removable covers. I've seen a mobile telephone market to customize your own remote control. Like the Nokia, the removable covers, just put a red on it and go to shop and buy green one. Third, material being used could well be stuff like rubber. Do advantages. It fits within the current market trends and it adds safety to your remote when you drop it. To come back to your question, I think any people in Milan and Paris also think that the rubber should be pretty hard. Like seeing on regular mobile phones. Actually, they have a lot in common. I actually saw a phone that could use this remote. Maybe you could use your remote at the phone. That may be the next step. My second sheet of personal preferences. We have to reconsider the speech function. The recognition is very innovative. So that you say SPS says. It goes to something. You can see that a market is just screaming for new technologies like speech recognition and stuff. We have to keep the costs in mind. It can be very expensive. Second, building games like Snake or Tetris. You can use the younger users. Also, the link with mobile phones. But you don't use that games when you're watching television. But you don't use games when you're making a telephone call. It's just the same. When your parents are watching some boring program, you can take a remote and this is the real thing. Yeah. When you're at college. You take your remote to a school. You take your iPad and go play games. Oh, I do that. Okay. And at third, I stick with it. The login functionality with the slogan. Take parents on control to a new dimension. Very nice. Oh, I'm so great, sweetie. Okay. You interface contents. Well, it's just simple PowerPoint markup. I want to make it more dynamic for you so I'll do it there. But the main concept is, take one big touch screen. Always display the primary buttons, clear and visible. Maybe even like this with uses of a lot of space. And make the menu structure changeables. Whether you press system, multiple system options can maybe five or ten or one can fit in. Or maybe even a step further when you want to have some other options that are not programmable with one horizontal button. Maybe displayed here if that's necessary. And well, how do we want to look? That's a remote look. Well, you've got to hold it in one hand. So the middle, like all remotes, have to be a little bit small. So you can put it inside your hands. And some remotes you can use with a thumb. But I think that's too difficult for this one. Make it a little broader here and here. Maybe use your thumb on the main buttons and use your other hands on the menu structure. So here are going to be the program buttons, one, two, three, four, etc. And the volume control and program control, maybe. And down here, this could be one big LCD menu structure. So you can use it in this way. One thing you've got to keep in mind, keep the remote clear of too much function at the same time. Note that if you are changing the menu structure here, and well, I still believe you should keep displaying the buttons. But if you're programming the caller of the TV, do not display 20 other options that are possible. Just keep it as simple as possible. And do not use too many levels. Do not have to select screen first and then brightness and then caller and on plus and on push plus 20 times. But just need just in one button if possible. And well, in all the TV levels, channel one, two, and when you get to 10 and want to go back, well, you have a problem, just most modern TV, you press 10 and you go to 10. And not to 1 and 0 after that. So the button less. And things like teletext, put them in the menu, things like... Yeah. What do you think about it back and forth, Knot? But like in the internet, Knot. I was trying to tell it, it's volume plus and minus. And this is program plus and minus. Okay, but that is for going from 4 to 5. Yes. But if you go from 2 to 8. Oh, you're watching 2-1. You're watching 2-1. On 17. And your wife is watching 2. And you can switch on 2. Switch easy. Well, yes, I think that's a good idea. But well, my friends would be put it in the menu. And if you're using that button a lot of times, well, of course that menu will still be displayed on screen. You just don't have to play games in between. But if you're really switching between 2 channels, you won't have time to use the other options. Yeah, well, I already told that. That's my conclusion. Okay. I think we can discuss a little about the three kind of revolutionary things. Tim came with this parental control games and the voice recognition. There's not too much decision on that one. So I think the parental control is a good function to put in the remote. I don't know how you think about it. Well, I agree. Just put it in the menu structures somewhere. Yeah. Yeah, but the properties and the parents are comfortable. So what I see, how I see it is, you put it on the remote. Yeah. And then you have like Windows Logon screen with parents, children, something like that. When you want to use a parents option, it has to be fast. You don't want to go down and watch the news at 8 o'clock and turn it on. Wait 20 seconds for the logon screen and remember your code and all kinds of settings. But I think most people find it much more important that their children don't watch sexual violence on the television. Wait 10 or 15 seconds longer. So they can finally watch it because they use like with their XB simple logon to address push parents. And if that push parents, then you have to log in. Go to three digits and a few logons like 213 and it's in. And if you push children, you don't have to go automatically because you can only have children's channels over there. I don't know if it's worth the time and effort we are going to spend on it because it's a simple function, but it's going to take a lot of resources and a lot of time into programming because you'll have to start working with the profiles and such. And I'm not sure if it's actually worth investing that much time and effort into it. I don't know. I think there's a big market for it because you read many times in magazines and stuff and you read it on the news that. They believe that children are influenced by television and well we're aiming to below 40 years. But there are a lot of people below 40 who have children in young age and who want them to not watch violent or maybe some idea on that. Just make the remote as it is. But make an option to insert profiles because if my granddad would buy this remote he wouldn't want to bother with all the things to do. Just make it an option in the menu and install profiles or something. Yeah, yeah. That's a better idea. Yeah, it just has to be when it's delivered out of the store. Yeah, it has to be just simple and plain. Yeah, okay. If you want to install it personally, if I got kids and I could choose between two remote controls, one with a one with a with parents control and one without. And I would buy the one with. I still have some questions about how to incorporate it. If you're thinking about some channels they cannot see. But well, when I think you have all the standard channels and only maybe after 10 o'clock in the evening, I don't film the movies there. And maybe some timing will be instead of channels because if you're watching, I don't know. You're in a day. Cartoons will come up. Maybe Friday night. I don't know. And maybe it can work with show you. You can control your video recorder with show you. And you take in the number, it will start and end recording. But maybe there's some option that the kind of show few numbers are violent and that they are blocked out. Yeah, this one just font-assisted. Someone who has sent all the show few numbers on the programs that they do to remote. And that's it all. I have a decide. Yeah, but that isn't possible. Well, if you want to, if we incorporate the parental control, let's say we're doing. And well, whatever child just goes up to the TV and presses up, for instance. Well, nobody's stopping the child from checking the channel. Well, you could say if parental control is on, it'll go from 14 to 16 with that page app. Well, I'm not sure because for that to happen, you'll have to receive a signal from the remote control. So it would have to be constant signaling. But what may be better is to incorporate a separate device that you can program with the remote control. And that provides parental control, for instance. And that's the synopsial device. So that's besides the remote control, you'll have a separate... I wouldn't put an optional device, and that it becomes too much, I think. If we do it, we do it in a kind of way, like a profile, a parent profile, a family profile, and otherwise. And you know, when you install another device, children can still go up to the TV, pop open the thing. Yeah, that's true, but in the same instant, same happens when you have remote control. The only difference is the people buying the remote control will now get the added feature of parental control. And those people wouldn't necessarily want it. Yeah, yeah. But it's just an added future feature. Okay, and what do you guys think of the games and the voice recognition? I personally think that that becomes too much. Well, yeah, I do. It's more like a gadget that functionality. It's a beautiful management that it's very popular to use voice recognition. But I don't think when you're watching TV and hearing loud noises from TV, someone screaming, Ah, one! And you're channel switches. Yeah, like voice recognition is too much, I think. In games? Yeah, games. I can see games. Yeah. I can put it on the chip anyway, so. That doesn't... It's a primary feature of the remote. Yeah, that doesn't cost a lot of extra resources. So that must be in it, do you think? Yeah, not for binash. Okay. So the games are in it. The voice recognition are not. And the parental control are optional. Of course. Yeah, it's in it. But how do we do it? I think so, but. Well, I think also it's a good idea, but it's very difficult to incorporate. So we should make it too complex. So many functions, you choose parental control, and maybe four files will emerge when you were putting on. But how it's going to work, it will be a good idea. But will there... Like the first idea from... You can buy it without... With parental control, or are we going to put it in and just... I think best would be to put it in and make it in the menu option. Yeah, to put it in always. Yeah. And you can just... When you buy it, you can select the personal preference, the parent control, or the own, and the password or something. Well, I don't know. I think if you had two different remote, you could choose one with... Well, a receiver in it. So you could actually easily build in parental control, but it would be more expensive. So in that way, you could make cheap model and expensive model. Could you make the simple model and do like model for instance. Yeah, but TVs aren't capable of sending. Yes, they are. Yeah. I thought they were just... Yeah, you have some to reset. Yeah, but most of them... Yeah, that is true. Maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs or the parents says you cannot watch channel 7, 9 and 10. Yeah. And you cannot watch all channels after 10 o'clock, and there's just some little clock in the middle of the channel. Well, yeah, you could easily... Just some rules. Yeah. You could easily look after the market, but you still have the problem about the television itself. No, no, it's very simple. I have seen some of the remote who have a clock in it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the remote doesn't transmit when it's off-the-roll. Yeah, okay. But on the TV, at least my TV, there is a compartment which you can press. And there are buttons behind it, which you can use. If you don't have a... Who would be very blunt, that's not our problem. Just have the parents buy it as a glue and it's not part of the remote. Yeah, of course. Yeah, that is true. Yeah, that is true. Yeah, you could go like... That would actually make things a lot more easy. You could just blame it on television. Yeah. Make it their problem. Yeah. I figured we could do that. Yeah, sure. I'm not sure what marketing thinks about it, but... I have to consult my legal advisor. Okay, so I think we have decided on the things that... From Janus, the energy, the combination between battery and kinetic... The case will be double-curve and rubber in a flashy, fruity color. And with cover is removable. The buttons will be touchscreen, but they may not be too many buttons. And in the menu structure, there must not be five minutes to go. Too many levels and it must be easy to use. The parental control will be incorporated, but it must be not too complex and the games are in it. So... I think we have... Consciousness. Okay. A little more... Oh, I have one thing left. Yeah. Maybe for Jeroen. Yeah. The fuse. Maybe it's handy to build an expert view and a simple view. Like a mode or something. In the expert view, you have a lot of thinking about it. It's just a menu structure when you don't use it as simple. And when you do system properties, entire list pops up and all kinds of stuff you can pull. Yeah, okay. It's already incorporated a little. You could actually build in a function that you can program it yourself for a more advanced user. Which buttons do you want to in it? Because you can build on the back forward button and somebody would just want to watch two channels. Yeah. Just leave the other numbers away. Yeah. You could have people want to... We take it to the other meeting, okay? I have a little chat to do and then we finish. I went to a master class and two things can come in handy for us. First thing is we talked about knowledge management, knowledge engineering and the fact that the idea of knowledge sharing and learning knowledge from other companies and so... Like that. It's very hot at the moment. So it's mostly for the management expert to look what other marketing... Marketing, what did I say at management? Management. Just talking about myself. What? Okay, come on. What other companies had also with the marketing campaign when they put on a new remote just some import export? And another one? Benchmark. Yeah, Benchmark. That's the one I saw. I couldn't... Okay, another thing is there was a survey and it came out that people like to buy things from a single large provider instead of those who are partnering with us. So we must bring it as if a real reaction is a big company, a trustful company and... I know a marketing name for it probably. Okay. RR to the third power. R3. Real reaction remote. I had another idea to put the whole idea of a real reaction and a single brand and that kind of thing. When you put on the remote you see kind of just like when you telephone you see a little... Real reaction remote. And with the motto we put fashion in electronics and then you go... Okay, but it has to be like a second because you have to put in a code also. You can show somebody a logo for 0.5 seconds they'll still remember it. Yeah, but Linguron every time you see it. The idea from this thing is that we must present it as we are a single large provider who will stand on our own. So if you have the LCD screen you can have a small logo at the bottom and you can just stay there. That spins around. Yeah, that spins around. Also, but we are... It's just like a globe in Internet. Yeah, it's a little bit smaller. Think about that kind of thing. That's what they said in the Masterclass. And Shinéva. Next meeting starts in 30 minutes. So maybe you can go to Paris and Milan once again. Who gave you the Masterclass? The Masterclass. Ronald Batemburg. French Mellars. Okay, thanks. Very special. Next session. I did the industrial development session. Usually in the face we'll work together on a prototype and we'll drawing it on the smartboard. That's a kind of newer thing. And the marketing expert will be keeping busy with the product evaluation. But the most specific instructions we sent to you by E-Mem. So we are going to work together right now? Yeah, well, this is what I heard. The Masterclass. Not the Masterclass. Yeah. So you just wait for the specific instructions. But I think it was a very good session. Gentlemen. Definitely. No new ones. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you too. Give me your good evaluation. Okay, guys. You were success. Cheers. Cheers. See you in a half hour. But keep an eye on your left foot. I'm not sure if real, because I saw something about individual actions. Yeah, but there's still my instructions that you will work together. Yeah. Here or... That's not my problem. My buy. So, super managers. The product manager always works alone.