 I think we can quickly fast. It's function and feeders. That's only... Who's going to do a PowerPoint presentation? I think we all have. You will as well? I thought we all are. Yeah, I have one too. I'm sorry. Yep. Okay, that's enough. It's okay, thank you. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. I just want to... Because basically I can't... I'm really crap at remembering everyone's names. So I just want to rather than go out and miss marketing and miss that. One you know your names again. And I always just couldn't leave this up here. Because I'll... Okay. You know. That's good. So... Catherine, you will see. C-A-T-H. E-R. I-N. Okay. And... Gabriel. P-L-J. And your... I am R-I-I-D-B-S. P-I-S-A. Double S, yeah. Right. Oh, good. It's just a bit nicer calling people by their names, I think. Right. Right. Okay. Okay, right. Welcome to Meeting B. This is going to go a lot better than the last meeting, basically. Because I know what I'm supposed to be doing now. I am your project manager. And, yeah, I'm just here to... You know, sort of liaison between the three of you and get things going, get people talking. And I'm going to be making notes and sending them off to the powers that they have. Basically. Right. For the purposes of this meeting, what this meeting is all about, is... I'm going to have some presentations from all three of you, what you've been working on for the last... ...we-while, when you haven't been getting hit with spam on your computers and... ...and, you know, filling out silly questionnaires and things. But hopefully you've been actually been doing something productive. So we're going to... ...each of you are going to give us a little presentation. Then we're going to work, you know, from each of your presentations. We'll talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all. And then we'll do a sort of concluding, anything else that comes up at the end of it. How long is the meeting? This meeting, it's not very long. It's probably down to about 35 minutes now. So I want each of your presentations to not be too long. Five minutes? Five minutes, something like that. If you haven't done a PowerPoint thing, it doesn't matter. It's just, it just says that you... ...that's just one particular meeting. If you have time to prepare when you can draw stuff on the notebook, you can talk to us. You can, you know, however you want to do your little presentation, basically. You can. Don't feel pressurized into using this thing. Because I don't. Okay. So... You okay over there? Are you joining in with this meeting? Are you just doing some internet shopping there? No, no, no. I'm done. Okay, jolly good. Alright, let's have... Well, we all know that it's a remote controller we're going to be dealing with. I think the first thing we should look at is... ...probably the... ...what it is that it's actually supposed to be. So that's going to be you, Catherine. Okay. I'm going to hear from you first. Okay. Just connecting this. You've done that to worry about screwing it in just... Really? Okay. Okay. I've got a very quick care. Okay. So the working design, I've got a very quick presentation on this. So... Oh no, you can't see a thing. Oh well, I'm going to join on the board then. It's in blue and I couldn't change it. Wait, it's fine on my screen, but never mind. So the idea is that we've got the... ...energy source. Which in our case... Oh well, okay. Never mind. So I think maybe two batteries, I don't know what they're called, a lot. Six or something like that. And then... Then on the remote control itself will have the sender for the signal, which could be an infrared signal, which will be sent by an electronic chip. And the chip will be controlled by the user interface. So we'll hear about that later from Gabriel. And the sender will send to the telly itself an infrared signal to tell it to switch on or switch channels. That's it really for the working design. Great. Sorry, the presentation wasn't very okay. I prefer the... I prefer the hidden touch personally. Should I erase this? Do you want to just give us a moment? I just want to copy this down. It's fine. I don't know if you guys have any questions for Catherine on any of this. Of suggestions. Is a battery like the only way of... Well, you don't want it plugged in really. Yeah, alternate energy source, like wind power. No, it does. And you blow on it. No, because like, it's a power. Always changing batteries can get like annoying the battery down. Maybe... I don't know. So, I think changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain. Yeah, it's worked for the last 50 years. One question I have, and I don't know how much control we have over this, is as far as the infrared signal, do we have control over how far away you can be from the receiving unit that the TV and still have it be operational? Maybe we want one with a strong signal. How far away is your television? It's never going to be more than... No, thank you. Unless you've got a TV the size of a football pitch. It doesn't have to go that far, does it? It doesn't have to go through a wall because you're not going to be looking through a wall. Yeah, but if you're on the phone in the other room and you need to tell them you're not there, something you don't really want to go into. Put the telephone down and go into the room. But we can like the signal strong enough to go through walls if you fancy it. I do not think about that. How about blue tea? Instead of using infrared, it's blue tea. Why not? I just think that it's going to cost more. Yeah, it sounds like you're going to use it. We don't want to overcomplicate things. It's a fancy idea. It's quite nice. But then I don't know. If you want to watch the tele, you're in the room. Yeah, exactly. We're designing marketing, television, remote control. We're not designing something that you can plug in a headset to and connect to your laptop computer and stuff. Yeah, so. Oh, we can keep the idea. We can see I don't like to stage, maybe. Okay. All right, well done. I think. Go, go for real. Let's hear from you on. Do you need the board? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Technical sturdows. Okay. Okay. Okay. So while this is warming up, there it is. So I'm doing the user interface design. Mm-hmm. And basically, as far as methods, I was looking at, looking at already existing remote, trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there, thinking of what we can retain, what we can do away with, what we can perfect a little bit as far as design. We don't want to do something that's too radical of a change, I guess. I mean, people want a remote that's familiar that has their favorite functionalities. And it does the basic stuff. Yeah. So we can improve what's out there and maintain that the basic functionality that we want. So things that seem like absolute must-have would be volume control to up-down keys for that channel keys up-down, but then also a numerical keypad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want rather than doing up-down. And a mute button. One thing that I didn't include here, that I forgot that we talked about last time, was doing some sort of block function. Okay. I don't know. That's one possibility. And so in the research that I was doing, there's basically two types of remote, it's ones that are engineering centered and ones that are more user centered. Actually, I don't know if I can access the web page from here, I can show you. So this is an engineer centered one. So you see it's rather busy, but it also lets you play your movie, stop your movie, fast forward all this. It's a breeze frame. And this is a user centered one. It's easier to just glance at this and see what's possible to do. You're not going to be staring at it for five minutes. Good. Judging from what we all talked about during our last meeting, I kind of gathered that that's what we were going after, or the direction that we were going in at least. So the engineering centered ones provide a lot of functionality, but it can be a little bit overwhelming. So the user centered ones just focus on ease of use. And the server overlaps with the marketing person, Risa, because we need to find out what people want before we make turns to the audience. So yeah, that's me. Great. Okay. Now, I just have a question for you. And this research that you've been doing, looking at other existing units and stuff. Have you found that anyone else has looked into the locking? No, that seemed like a novel idea as far as I know. I mean, obviously another exists, like you said, in mobile phones, but that was sort of inspiration for it. I've never seen that in all my years in business. I've never seen a locking function out. Do you guys have a year or an hour now, feeling about whether that's really necessary? I would say it's simple to do, which I think it probably should be. Even if it's a physical, you know, like a physical switch or a physical cover for the remote, even something like that. Then yes, it's lower like, you know, like you said earlier on, a flip thing, something like that, but you know, being physical. Look into. I've had word down from head office that something that we should be centered at. Well, something we should take into account is we've got to keep the corporate image within this remote control unit. It's got to look like it's in the R&R. You know, the company is it's from what I can see from our other products. We put a yellow with blue right on them. And our motto is we put the fashion in electronics. I think we have to carry that mantle. So it's kind of got to look, it's got to look new and, you know, something fastable. If remote control, well, if telephones can be fastened, well, then maybe remote control units can be. I think we can, so we talked about the layout in my presentation or way. I didn't mention yet really is the sort of like the ergonomics. Yeah, I think we can make big improvements over these two that you see here. Yeah. Everything is going ergonomic. You know, there's, you know, my three computers that are very ergonomic and keyboards. And that could be one of our niches, sort of in the market, I guess. Okay, fantastic. Well done. Gabriel. Lisa. Let's plug you in, baby. Here. Yeah, the blue thing. Right, this is getting a little tangled, make a sense. Say him? Yeah, then you should have to do function, that should come up. Oh, function, that's it. No? Yeah, it is, it takes a very well. Come on. All right. Okay, let's have the slicks. Okay, well, from a marketing report, we observed remote control users and the usability lab. And also gave, so this is research. And we also gave participants questionnaires to fill out. Total number of people tested were 100, so you know, so that 100 people were tested. And these were the findings. So 75% of users find the remote control ugly. Okay, so they don't like the look of the remote control. 80% of them would spend more money if the remote control looked really cool and fancy. I think we all agree with that. Current remote controls do not match well with the operating behavior of the user. So they're not like the way they operate it doesn't like match how people behave. 20% of the users say that they only use 10% of the buttons on their remote. So probably if you have like one, two, three, four, five, the whole up to 10, they probably don't use those. They only use up and down channels. As we've only got five channels. Exactly. That's another thing. 75% of users say they zap. Not quite sure what they mean zap. They're flicking quickly between channels. Yeah, you want to navigate the channels quickly. Takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote, especially for the older generation. I know my grandmother doesn't like my bar phones. Takes ages to account it is. Anyway. They also remote soft and get lost in the room. So no, we can find them. So maybe tracking devices is a good idea. Wow. You are a child of technology, aren't you? So yeah. I was thinking something easy to use, especially for older people, has to look really cool flashing Ruby people to buy it. And it's easy to find. So I don't know whether maybe. And also we asked them whether they wanted, whether they'd be interested in voice activating. So voice activation. And this was what we came up with. And if you look 15 to 25, this is age. So, the way age groups. So 15 to 25 said like 91% of them said yes. So basically the majority except for the 45 to 55 year old, so some reason didn't want a voice activated one. And neither did the older generation. The younger generation who we are catering for, they want to voice speech recognition. But do the younger generation have the money? No, they don't. It's older generation, they've gone out. Well, 25 to 35 year old, 35 and 35 to 45 to 45. 45.7%. People from the age of 30, there's a big drop off there. For people up to the age of 35, they're kind of saying yeah, they want it. But no, they're not the sort of most people that have the money. People from the age of 35 to 55. Yeah, that would be my guess. Because they're the ones that have been working for 20 years. Wow. And that said that's quite a minority there. They say yeah, it's not even like 50, 50, that's 35%. These guys are growing up. What about just from the perspective of our manufacturing cost? I mean, if it's 1250 per unit. Yeah. I mean, okay, those voice activation might not be the best. I would say scrap that straight off. Also with buttons, I think called RSI. So RISCends. Repetitive street injury. Yeah, repetitive street injury. So they don't, I think people who watch TV maybe too often keep changing channels, hurts their wrist. Maybe this. So, that's something we should have a look into then. Yeah. When designing the ergonomics to see, have a look if there's any medical background we can find out about this. But then you could be just touching. Yeah. We just want to need to cover our asses so that people aren't going to get a service in 10 years time, say your remote control gave me repetitive strain injury. Yeah. We should probably consult with their legal department. Yeah. They're having an lunch break at the moment. Yeah. We'll see if I can get, see if I can get elder for the next meeting. I think we can do some really in that department, the ergonomic department. Yeah. The next and some really good improvements. Maybe the buttons not so high up so you don't have to press. Yeah. Okay. So that is me. That's great. Thank you very much for that, Racer. Okay. So we've basically, we've decided that it's going to, you know, we're going for a basic television program. It's going to be a safety use. It's going to look cool. It's going to be cheap. Now, going back to the industrial design of it, you know, we're looking at whether to use maybe infrared or Bluetooth. I think we should just go with the simplest option on everything. And that would be infrared, energy source, that would be batteries. And we can look into using the, you know, the little tiny, weenie batteries, a lot special long lasting batteries. But in, there's no, I don't think there's any point in making a remote control unit that's going to last for 50 years because technology would have changed. You know, we won't have televisions in 10 years time. So I think we're all pretty sust on that. Anyone have any questions? Everybody happy in their work? Yeah, it seems like we're on pretty much on the same page. Now, we're, now this is good. We've got a good structure going on. We all know where we're going to. Have you been, as, have any of you not been getting loads of crap spam on your computers? It's probably just you because you're the project manager. Oh, just questioner. Yeah, trying to sell your things. Yeah, but just stuff. Okay. Oh, as you guys found out, if you can, if we can email stuff to each other. Yeah, you can. Right. Do you all know my email address? No, I don't. In the project announcement, you've got the addresses, I think. So project manager, it's part of one at a. Can you all email me your email addresses? Well, you have the name, but we'll send you an email. Send me, yeah. Yeah, okay. So are we headed towards a big yellow and black remote, as far as maybe that's our next meeting? Is it yellow and black or is it yellow and blue? I kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background, but I might be just going to wait on it, wait and blue on a black background with yellow borders. Okay. Maybe that's getting ahead of. Maybe you can come up with a few with a couple of different ideas. How we have different colors and a lot of somebody can choose different colors. Well, see the thing is, we've got to keep the company image. It's got to say people have got to look at this remote control and instantly recognize that it's a real reaction. But if it's RR, it would be real reaction. Like if that's the loads of companies that called RR. But this is the slogan. This is the something that came on down from the higher X. I mean, we're sort of beholden to them. So we have to have it one color. Well, not necessarily. Not necessarily, but we have to incorporate it. Not necessarily even. But you have to look at the product and instantly know that it's one of our products as opposed to a Sony product or a Panasonic product. It's got some. So maybe so you can have a look at our other products and see if they all follow us similar vein. Perhaps. But it could come in different colors and have the RR colors just somewhere. Like just around the lock button could be the RR logo or Colors. Quite possible. Yeah. Well, this is all your department. Okay. Well done, everybody. And then I think we stop for lunch now. Yeah, pretty soon. I guess that's not. Are we finished ahead of schedule? We might possibly have done. All right. See you all soon. If we finished five minutes before the meeting is supposed to finish then that means we're going to get an extra five minutes for lunch. Okay. Yeah. There you go. Right. I just have to say a few little bits of pieces have to write down. But take your head, set it off, kick back, smoke them if you got them.