 een goed langs. Together om dit te maken, de meen agenda te discussen om de conceptual design te maken. En de agenda is de opening en dat is de projectmanager, dat is me en de presentatie van de Christine en Agnes en Pymisriën. En in de middel we moeten een beslit en we moeten een beslit op de remot control met de concept en de functie van design. Dus we hebben 40 minuten ik denk dat het een beetje low, maar ik hoop dat we kunnen veren. Dus ik zal de functie van de Christine discussen om de component de concept te discussen. Dus als je kunt de verantwoordige presentatie te te discussen. De component is design. Dus kan we het in de slide show mode hier. Is dat een plek? Ik zal het op de component te discussen. Dus we we we are looking specifically at de components, de following components, de case, de power supply, de means of communications met de televisie set. En dan since we had talked about using some sort of speech recognition, we have to have microphone, well, no, you don't actually, I have to have microphone in the device, but maybe you do have a way, it has to hear the speaker, so it could be in the television set, could be in the device, but somewhere you have to put the microphone. And a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it gets lost. So the other thing that we are method for is we look at the historical record, what's worked, what hasn't. And then we also want to evaluate some new materials and we contacted manufacturing for their input because of course we might come up and choose a material that then manufacturing didn't have the technologies, capabilities to offer us. So this is the approach that we took during our research. We told we were making a specific assumption that it would be curved and designed. Of course, you know, I wanted it to be expandable and shrinkable, but that doesn't seem to be one of the choice, not an option we can, we can really seriously explore. So then we were thinking about rubber, but unfortunately that's been eliminated because of the heat factor and there might be some problems with them, how it goes with the board. And then plastic also has this problem of melting and it's brittle, it gets brittle after a while, so still had titanium and wood available, but unfortunately titanium's also been eliminated. The people in manufacturing said that it couldn't make curved cases out of titanium, although how Apple did it with the power book, I'm not quite sure, but nevertheless, they've eliminated all of our options except wood. So, just finding it. And as she said, it's an environmentally friendly material. So we're currently proposing, we'll get to how my personal preferences are. So then there's this other matter of the chips and well, you could use a simple design on the board, but these simple chips, but that's only works for the buds. You don't get very much intelligence with this simple one. And then there was the regular which I regret that I've forgotten exactly why I'm eliminating that one. The other option was this advanced chip on print. We found that it includes this infrared sender, which remember the beam was that was an important component of finding the right chip. And manufacturing has told us that they've recently developed a sensor and a speaker that would be integrated into this advanced chip on print. So we now jump right to our personal preferences. I really think we should use some really exotic woods. Like, well, you guys come from tropical countries so you can kind of think of some trees and some nice woods. I think that people might really want to design their own cases. You see, they could do sort of a, there's some three dimensional design on the internet, and then they could submit their orders. Kind of like you submit a custom car order, you know, and you can get a color in the size of the wheels and the colors of the leather and things like that. And then I think we should go with the solar cells as well as the microphone and speaker on the advanced chip. So this is the findings of our research and my recommendations for the new remote control would be to have to be made out of wood. Do you have any problems with that? Can you go back one slide? I'm not sure. How do I know the sea? Let's go back up here. Yes. A question. What's mean exactly advanced chip on-frame? What's meaning of that? I think it's a multiple chip design and it's maybe printed on to the circuit board. I could find out more about that before the next meeting. Is it on microchip? Microchip is based on the microchip. I don't know, but I'll find out more in our next meeting. Okay, that would be great. So if you find out the technology background, okay, so that will be good. Sounds good. Why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material? Because it gets brittle, cracks. We want, we expect these remote controls to be around for several hundred years. So... Wow. Good expression. Good expression. Well, after us. I don't know, speak for yourself. I think with a window, you'd run into the same types of problems. What do you mean? It chips. If you drop it, it's... I'm not sure. So you're not convinced to do that? I'm ready to sell it. You hear what? I'm ready to sell it. If you use really good quality wood, then it might work. No, you can't just use wood. No, the only wood you can use are the ones that are hard to explain. Yeah, exactly. But there's some very pretty woods out there. That's actually very innovative idea. Okay, good. I'm having a hard time keeping a control over my face. Well, it's actually a very innovative different idea that you can choose your color of wood, your type of wood. The stain. I mean, each person is going to have their personalized, individualized speech recognition, remote control in wood. That's not on the market. Yeah, so it looks good. The design, the functional design, what about you? In terms of comments on this or in terms of my own... Yes, in terms of wow. In terms of comments, most. She works in the cubicle next to me, so she's already a little bit prepared for this. Yeah. Luckily, it was not. Wood? I think if we can get the quality materials, then it shouldn't influence the design principles too much, which you'll see with my presentation. One thing we'd have to check is that the user's, whether, how quickly the novelty wears off of having... Yeah, you would want to have to have splinters in your hand while you're using it. Yeah, for example. So, I have to see how kid-friendly it is and all that. But, just to give you a dog, gets a hold of it that can use a teething. I did that anyway with rubber and plastic, so... Yeah, I do it with other materials as well. Yeah. Show them up. Okay, then let's move to Agni. Sure. Oh, sorry. You're in pod spin three. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah, that's the one. So, it's a very short presentation because I'm actually going to draw you the layout on the board. So, if you want to just go straight to the second slide. Which basically shows, sort of, I took the ideas that we were talking about last time and tried to put that into the remote control. So, the things that you can actually see on it are the on-off switch, volume and channel control, the menu access button, ergonomic shape, which I completely agree with Christine's idea to have it sort of molded, so it's slightly more ergonomic and comfortable to hold than the standard very straight remote controls. And actually the other thing with the wood if we take your customizing idea is that people can actually do, sort of, quasi measurements on their hand size if someone has larger hands. You have a wider remote control. Right, my hands are different size than yours, for example. So, that's actually a really good idea for customizability. One thing I thought might be kind of interesting is to put a flip screen on it, just like you have on flip phones. So that you don't have this case where someone sits on the remote control or accidentally puts their hand on it, especially if you have little kids around. They're not pressing the buttons while you're trying to watch a TV show and accidentally change a channel or turn it off. And also, you had issues with batteries running at. So I thought maybe we could put a little battery life light on it that kind of goes dimmer and dimmer and dimmer as your battery starts to die. And in terms of invisible features, audio and tactile feedback on button presses. And, like you said, speech recognition. So in terms of what this thing would actually look like, despite working an interface design, I'm not the greatest artist in the world, so you'll have to forgive me. You'd have something like this with an on-off switch, fairly big, sort of in the corner and buy it. So you don't accidentally turn your TV off while you're trying to maneuver other buttons. And then you have sort of one of those toggle displays for channels and volume, sort of surfing channels and then volume. So the volume would be the up and down, because volume goes up and down. And then channels left to right. And then here you'd have your sort of standard telephone-ish number pad. And then on one side, you would have an access to the menu on your TV and on the other side, a way to turn off the voice control. So that if the user doesn't want to use their voice, they can just turn it off and you don't have the remote control accidentally changing things on you. So again, you can have a little LCD light somewhere, the flip thing. And have I forgotten anything? I don't think so. So as you can see, it's a very, very simple design, which is one of the things I really wanted to keep, is keep it simple, not have too many buttons, not have too many functionalities thrown into it. I think the design can pretty much carry over to everything, although with the wood, the flip screen, might have to do something slightly different. Maybe like a copper hinge. Yeah, but you also have to start watching after the wait, because depending on how much the flip screen will add to the wait, of the remote control, you don't want it to start getting too heavy. But that's the general layout with the general functionalities. If we come up with something else, as you can see, there's still lots of space on the actual remote control. And if you do it customizably, you could make this thing fairly small or fairly large, depending on personal preferences. So that's pretty much all I had to say. I mean, everything else in terms of design issues. I mean, the centering of the keypad and the channel is just depending on where your thumb is. And you tend to use the volume control and the browsing more than the actual number pad. So that would be sort of a direct line of where your thumb goes when you're holding your remote control. The number pad a little bit lower, because it's used less frequently. So once we decide exactly what we want, then we can figure out the exact positioning. But more or less, I think it should go along those lines. So what's your comment or simple design? So what consumers want? It's almost like Houston, we have a product here. Problem is obviously going to be cost. OK, I also have a very simple presentation. This is good. From the marketing point, you have to see what the consumers want. I also have a copy to a different type of remote. If you can find me, wherever I'm at, they should all be one in here. But try and watch. Sure. It doesn't be a modified. They're stealing our product. We've been giving simple questionnaires and different eras, because obviously we have to see what the consumers are looking for today, because it's a trend's change very, very quickly. In six months, maybe this idea has already gone out the window. So it's going to be a question of how fast we can act. They already erased the rest of mine, huh? No. Go to find this. No, no. Because I had another comment there. The market trend, this is what we know from the last, from the questionnaires, from all the surveys we've done, fancy and feel good. That's what we've been looking for, something that feels good in the hand. That's easy to use. Looking for a next generation of innovation, because all the remotes out there now, they're all very similar. They all do the same thing. We have to have something completely different. Easy to use, as always, become another major interest. With the whiteboard, we can see that it's a remote that's easy to use. And I think this is another thing that's interesting, as the consumers actually will need to pay the price for exciting technology. So even if we have a product that may be more expensive, if it comes out right, if it looks and feels good and has technology. The second, too, you can see the last one is a very easy, simple. The second one, there's about 45,000 different buttons on it, which makes it fairly hard to read, very hard to use. The first one, I see that they put in a display. Now, this is something else with a little flip up now. We're adding all kinds of things in, but with a little flip up, if you have a little display on the flip up, and when you close it, everything is locked. Yeah. Maybe the display also makes it easier to use, because sometimes when you're looking for buttons, maybe if you see a display. Context, sensitive instructions. Right. Depending on what the TV or the DVD or something else. Because I've seen mostly the standard one. Now you have one with a very simple also. The idea is simple, but with a display. So you can see what you're doing. So maybe if we can incorporate the ease andness of use. Trendy, fancy, feels good. With a display. Wood, designer wood, designer colors. Maybe what you could do is somebody orders the device. You could send them like a, some sort of a foam rubber ball. And then they would squeeze it and it would take the shape of their hands. Yeah, so it's really molded to tears. To tears. And then you would know what the geometry of their hands would be. And... Hardly squeezed. Resistance. Resistance, right? But for that, you'd also have to do sort of an average across families. That's right. That's right. Unless everyone has their own personal remote. Well, that actually would increase the, the rest sales. I hope so. No, but incorporating the three, obviously, would be something totally new on the market. Totally different. And... Already the customized abilities are really good sort of... Well, the wood was a Nokia that came out with the changeable colors. Take a part and put on another face. Take it off and put on another face. And they sold millions. Millions. Yeah. Millions. So, so with the findings, with the research, easy to use something totally new. We have to come up with something totally new that is not on the market. We'd also have to consider that who we were going to get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes to might learn about labor laws, you know, in different countries and stuff, or so we can do it cheap, but you don't want to exploit labor in third world countries. So, actually, you could turn it, you could turn it around and say that your... The reason that costs is high for the device is because you're paying a working wage to the person who made the device. Yeah, but we can get a production in countries like India. Yes, yes. I've been just like India or China or Malaysia. So, you can go a bit of futures and better price and you can sell more. So... Good, well, that'd be something that manufacturing would have to explore more. Where would you manufacture this? So, another step. Yes. We're here to design. Yes, but... That's a nice product. We can talk about the production later, okay, depends on the quantity, okay. So, we don't need to have our own fabric factory or something. So, we can have a tie up with who do the fabric for the different electronic side items. Then we can have a business tie up and to get the cost to sell more. So, let's decide first about the components concept and interface concept. Okay, if it is acceptable for both of you, what Ed was talking. And you were designed with the display or with our display or just a simple. I think it depends. I mean, I think it's a good idea, but we need to really think about how useful it's going to be. Because theoretically, with a TV, you already have a big display right in front of you. So, if we're trying to keep costs down, then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go. I mean, it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for. Very specifically, what it would be used for. Because if it's only used for one little thing, then putting in a big display case or a big display that's probably expensive, just to do the training on the chip for the speech recognition or whatever. It may not be the most cost-efficient way to go, but that's just sort of speculation. What do you think, Ed? You like the display in one of the concepts that you showed. Do you know how much it costs to add a little display like this? No, no. You want to take an action? I have to go find out. Because we have to find out a cost on it. Okay. Sorry about that. No, that's no problem. I'm here for the pushing it after it's made. I will market it. Once we get a price on it, then we can market it. So, the advanced chip on print is what we've determined and the engineering industrial design is the recommendation. I think we've come to some agreement regarding this concept of a wooden case. A customizable and... Nice, beautiful, maag in red wooden case. Where the buttons be, would too. I don't think so. No, I think they could be rubber like they are now. Yes. So, you have that tactile experience of... Yes, so, what we'll do is we will stick with the simple design for time being until the add findouts about how much it's cost to the extra in case we go for the display. Okay. So, maybe what you can do is both of you, you can come up with the prototype. Okay, the model. Okay. Okay. Sure. So, are we done with this meeting? Yes, I hope. Is it okay if they will come up with the prototype design, then they can show you how it looks like and then we can submit to the... I will submit to the management. Okay. Then, in the meantime, you can come up with the price, how much it's cost is extra for the display. And a marketing strategy. And a marketing strategy. And a marketing strategy. That's very important. How much... Fired. How much you can select? Of course, you'll make money too. So, you're not only fired, you make money too. Your commission. Okay, so, any questions? No. So, by next meeting, please come up with the prototype. Okay, then we can proceed from there. Okay. So, thanks for all your efforts and coming from the meeting again. And see you soon there. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.