 Welcome to the, should be the last of these meetings and it looks like we've done a good job here and we'll just go through the final details. Okay, all the minutes are last meeting and we'll take those as red. Okay, the next thing we'll have a look at the prototype and look at the evaluation criteria and finance and then just tidy up with production and then we can close. So if you'd like to present your proposals. Okay, we basically have the same kind of layout here, it's just you hold it like this and it gets kind of molded to the shape of your hand basically. On the left we've got the scroll for the volume on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kind of so you can hold it and scroll, you can hold it and push. This is the power key, it's kind of like the biggest you know how to turn on. That's the little menu key. This is the infrared section so you can, it'll be sending rays and if you're you know pointing it like that you can send it or if you hold it up like that it will send it. We've got a microphone there which for all the voice commands you can you know talk to it like that and we'll still send. The logo is down down there and hers has the cover on it and you can see like it just kind of goes the red bits the current kind of goes over everything and then there's holes for the buttons to come through. And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic just kind of a light non-descript gray so the people want to buy the covers and then the coverage will be that sort of rubbery material. Like they make iPod covers so they kind of just struct over. Show me age of it and then what I can do. Yeah, I can do that. But yeah, it's just kind of a rubbery and that way you know spongy light is something that people wanted. Right. And it just sort of stretches over and that way I think probably helps protect a little bit too as well. But it's also easier to put on versus like mobile covers you actually have to screw them on and stuff and you kind of sometimes would get someone to do that for you. This is very much easier to stretch over to yourself and it'll be fine. Okay, good. And then the buttons come through and so and then each one of them on the very end will have the logo with a yellow circle on the right. And that'll be the covers as well. Yeah, yeah. I mean it's a detail point. I just want to, I mean, how will people put these down? I wonder. Right. Okay. I decided to grab some strange and the reason I had it in my mind that they put them down vertically. But we could broaden the, broaden it out a bit so it would stand. You know, because if it's a particular thing, if they're going to have it as a, there was a fashion item. Yeah, standing. I mean, it's just, I mean, it's just a minor detail point. As you say, it's made the base a little bit bigger. Yeah, we just widened out. And then it just needs another, another logo somewhere. And then it just gives people the option and if they've got them, it's actually because they might actually have several lined up on the, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We just lengthen it, I guess. Yeah. But that's, but no, the overall, the overall, the overall. So more like that. Yeah, yeah. No, no, I mean, that's the, yeah. We're like, you have to lengthen it so it kind of, your hands still hold it. That's a natural kind of idea. Yeah. Yeah, that of that. Like, maybe slightly thinner, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it looks more like like a, like a floor, like a plant. Yeah. Yeah. But, so would be balanced. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it fits. So the final product would actually stand up. Yeah. But these will minor, minor, minor details. I think the basic concept is absolutely bang on. It certainly meets our criteria of being, you know, looking different. Yeah. So good. That's, that's excellent. Right. Let us, what's on the next one? Oh, right. Yes. Let's have a look at the, the fine ends. Now, we're giving a clear design brief. If I'm not getting a spreadsheet up. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maximates. Oh, right. Uh. Good. This is why we need to make these things simple. So, yeah. Again, that's a lot more Lucio script. I mean share that in front of the Voscan on the stand. Now I'm, uh, this is a company's, uh, uh, costing for, for various, uh, aspect to design. I've treated some of these slightly, uh, liberally, given the constraints placed on us. For instance, if they require us to have it in the corporate color, standard colour. So, just simply on batteries, the one decision I've had to make is that we will have to find a regular standard chip to do this with. I'm certain that they are around, so I don't think is a serious problem. The voice sensor is expensive, but we made a basic decision that I was absolutely fundamental to the design, so that has to stay. And again, the shape of the case means it's expensive to make, because of the double curves, but on the other hand, because of our overall fashion concept, we should exceed the sales targets. It's simply made of plastic, so that's no problem. Just because the colour of the whole thing, there's some cost there. And we haven't actually got a scroll wheel, we've got push buttons and the simple slider, so, and the buttons are... I don't know the special colour. Anyway, the costings are exactly on target at 12.5, but I think we have a very strong case to argue that what we've got is so innovative and different, that any slight compromise we have to make on cost is offset by the concept of it being a fashion accessory and having the interchangeable covers. So, the management expectors to be technically innovative, that they have to accept that we can't operate absolutely within the constraints that they give. So we present this as the companies way forward, and I think we can argue that we have coming on budget. Okay. So, does anybody want to say about the evaluation? Where were we at? The product or the project? The product. Well, my presentation just now? Yeah. Sure. Can I get there? Oh, sorry. There we go. Oh. Better evaluation. The product was to just perceive a met over, correct you, all the conditions that we set out to, set out to solve from the point you have to consider and the management. So, what I've been asked to do is on the whiteboard, engage our team response to these questions. On a skill of 17, one being true and seven being false, seven being a nice round number to work. And then at the end, it's taken average. One foot true and seven for flames. Yes. So, look at these questions. Is there a device flash-heating, fashionable? Yeah, definitely a one. So, also, technological innovative? Yes, the voice technology indeed. Is it ease? What do you think we made it any easier? Suitable for the consumer? How does that sound? Totally. Yeah, I think it made me mad all of the consumer. Yeah. Is it complicated? No. Doing pretty well so far. Functional? Yeah, definitely. Can I be fair and easily? Yeah, I'm built in the speech. Where are you? Take long to learn to use. Shouldn't. And RSI, compared to the current standards, the less buttons, it was a mid-actile. It is. The handle more economically correct as well. What device are we able to hold age groups? I think it will, because older people who can't manage the buttons anyway will actually probably like the voice. We had the data to start saying that older people will be less likely to pay extra money, but the increased functionality, the ease of use of the device, made me come from it. I don't think we're actually charging a particular premium anyway in the end. I think it will tend to appeal more to younger age groups, just because we have gone with the fashion focus and the other people tend to would be more conscious of that aspect of it, but I think it's still appeal on a certain level. For different reasons. Yeah, I think it's just simplicity. Yeah, so I... Not having to learn to program and not having... Yeah, a million votes. I think we can reason we say it's another one. Why not? Can you just click my mouse button to move on to the next page? Yeah, and what? It did we meet the main? In my interpretation of management instructions is yes, it meets requirements, it's television only, it's simple to use. It's within budget. It's yes, and any minor points we argue. So I think we've done an amazing job in... Well done, ask. Coming up with... One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, eleven divided by eleven is one. Of course, average of one need to calculate a few. And that roughly concludes my evaluation of the... What about the... Okay, the product. The table. I was doing a bit. Right, do either of you want to say anything? Just like... I don't think so, I mean, and we worked well together and looked really at what the consumers wanted and what we're trying to make and you know, seem to discuss things pretty well and come to a group of consensus. Well, that's right. I mean, this slide here, I mean, the satisfaction with room for creativity. I mean, I think we've allowed ourselves as much creativity as the product allows. I'm coming on leadership teamwork. I think we've done everything's worked pretty well together. We've just back coated with a whiteboard and digital pens. I think the results speak for itself. And the idea's found, again, you know, given relatively everyday product. Yeah. I think we've very effectively come up with a new approach. Right. Are the costs within budget? Yes, it's a project evaluated. We're all happy that it meets all the criteria. Thank you very much indeed. Thank you. I think that's... We can go for an early bath. So I call the meeting closed. Okay. I'm not sure how far ahead of shadow will go over.