 Good morning, Florentine. Good morning. Marketing experts. All right. Are you ready? You should put the laptop right into the square. For the camera. Good morning, Smelstein. Good morning. Mr. PN. How are you today? I'm fine. How was your business trip to Boston? Well, actually. I didn't go. I didn't feel like it. Do you want to open this read only? I guess I should close it here. You have the same message of Windows Connection. I was like, oh, stand by. Okay, the waiting is for our marketing expert. Root. Root. Project. Kick off. Is there a schedule for this meeting? Yes, there is. Actually. I will... This is the agenda for today. For this meeting. Good morning, Root. It's important. Shall we close the door? Yeah, great. It's important that the laptops are exactly on the square. For the cameras. Okay. We're here to develop a new product. I'm sure you've had a mail from our account manager about it. And this is the first meeting to generate some ideas about it. You are here in a specific role. Root is here as the marketing expert. Root is here as the user interface design. And Sebastian is here in the role of industrial designer. Is that correct? That's correct. Okay. We're going to do a little tool training for the tools we are going to use during the meetings we are going to have here. Then I will tell you a little bit about my idea of the project plan. And we will have a discussion. This meeting should take no more than 25 minutes. So we should keep that in mind. Is there any room for a little presentation? Maybe during the discussion? There is. Yeah, there is. Okay. No problem. Okay, this new product we are going to develop. It's remote control. A television remote control. And first of all, it should be original. It should be trendy and user friendly. Those are kind of easy goals. And I'm sure we can find more goals for the product we are going to develop. We will discuss later on more ideas about how the remote should look and how it should function. All those kind of things. The market. We should have a look at the market. We are going to use a project method during this development, which consists of three different design stages. The functional design, the conceptual design and the detailed design. All of these stages mean that we do some individual work, prepare, and then meet to discuss our... The progressions? The progressions, yes. The first stage, the functional design, we are going to search for the user requirements. And we will make a specification of that. The second is the technical functional design. What effect should the remote have? Well, in this case, control the television, I think. And the last one is the working design. How exactly does it work in the technical sense? The other design stages, we will discuss that later. So we'll keep it with the functional design. Okay. Before we think about remote control, we will work with some of the tools we have here. As you see now, I can give a presentation. It's also possible to use this one as well. You can display two presentations as you want to. To present it to show us a file, you'll need to place it in your project documents folder, which is on your desktop. At least it should be. Then we have this electronic whiteboard system. Yeah, I will show that now. You can draw on the board using this pen. There are little sensors. So do not grab it here with a little bit more to the end. It's on the eraser now. So we click the pen button. Okay, so not too fast writing. You can insert a new slide or a whiteboard file by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button. It's quite the same. All our smartboard notes should be kept in the same file. So do not make a new file. Just use this one during the day. You can use the eraser to make something go away. But we all use the same whiteboard file. Yes. So we can work together on it while we're using it in the meetings. In the meetings, only in the meetings. It's really like the regular whiteboard. You can choose the format. Sorry. Let me see. Well, I guess it's maybe because I'm not ben selected. Yeah. Current color. You can choose not a color. And for example, black and you can choose the line with. So now I have a different line with and color. Okay. Quite easy if you do have any questions. Just ask me. Oh, well, I wrote down the documents. Should be in the project documents folder if you want to discuss it with us. As a little training, I will ask Ruth first to draw your own animal on a new slide with a different color and a different line with. Then the one now selected. Okay. And then I'm going to draw a different line. And then I'm going to draw a different line. And then I'm going to draw a different line. Okay. It's a bunny rabbit. A rabbit. Okay. Well, great. And then Ruth, could you do the same please? Of course. But a different animal with a different color and a different line with. So, Sebastian is thinking about the animal. Just guessing what should be my favorite animal. Okay. I'm thinking about it too. Okay. Well, it looked more than a bunny than a cat, but it works, right? It should be a cat. Okay. I'll give it a try. I'm guessing a horse. Very good. With a very small legs. I'm not very good in drawing. You should feed that animal. Well, I guess you get the ID. Yes. Okay. Beautiful. Beautiful. Okay. So, you can use this at any time during the presentation if you want to. Any questions? Well, just let me know. Okay. Back to our project. The remote control we are going to develop. We'll have a selling price of about 25 euros. The profit we are looking for. For this project is 50 million euros, which is quite a number. We will focus internationally, so the product will be sold if there is market interest in more than one country. And the production costs should not be more than 12 euros 50. So, we should keep that in mind during the development. Because, well, there are important numbers. Then, the discussion. Maybe the time for Sebastian to show his presentation. Yes. I have some technical issues, which I would like to present to you. Before we start the discussion, because there might be some... ...inflations. Okay. Okay. Great. Okay. First about my role, role of the industrial designer. I would like to think about the implementation of things and the technical possibilities and impossibilities. So, if someone of you comes up with ideas, I'll try to translate them in technical functions. But there might be some impossibilities. So, that's one. I also will propose some implementations for that. But, well, these are quite the same. Sorry about that. And I also will remind people of some new technical possibilities, which are available, and which might be interesting to implement in our product. Okay. I have some initial ideas about some things, which are maybe nice to take with you in the upcoming discussion. One thing about interoperability. I think modern remote control shoots control a diverse subset of equipment, for instance, DVD player, cell phones, video and audio equipment. So, one remote control for audio equipment. For a cell phone? Well, there should be some interoperability between them. I think it can come in handy. We should discuss that. And we should think about the way how these things should communicate with each other. We're not living in the 1980s anymore. But the infrared is not really a hard technical stuff anymore. But you should think about it like a Bluetooth. Yeah, but the infrared is a little bit old fashioned, if you would call it that. But it's also effective. But it's all the fees are equipped with infrared. Well, you can not all. Not all. So, that's the most of them. You should equip infrared and Bluetooth together, maybe. But that's something we should discuss about everybody should think about it. So, that's just my role. I'll just give you everybody some technical input. And I think now the time is to have a little discussion about what the product should be and how it should look. But take these things into account when you start the discussion. Okay, so the main point you are telling us are focused on the interoperability. Yes. And one remote control should control one or more pieces of equipment. And the way of communicating with these equipment. Okay, good. Okay. That was your presentation. That's it. Okay, okay. Great. I'll go back to my own presentation. Okay. I do think it's time now to discuss some things. Sebastian told us a few things about the technical implications. There are other things like how to make it trendy, which is I think most routes roll. The way how it should be controlled by the user, which is a rule during this part. So, let's start with you. How do you think the remote should function for the user? Well, I add a few things in mind. Well, the interoperability, just like Sebastian said, remote should work on different TVs or even different devices. I think it's a universal remote control for customers to buy just a new store. Yes. I think it should be for Philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product. Okay. So, we're going business to consumer. It's not a... I don't know. I have to fail in making this product for a specific vendor. We're just developing this product and we want to set it to a very broad public. So, we should fit to every device. Do you agree? I think that right. Okay. Okay. Well, the technical function, what you said, is just by pressing the button, you should change the state of the TV. That's just the basic technical function. So, that was really my part for this session. So, is that ease of use or is that more like... Well, the technical function is pure. What should the remote control do? What is his task as a device? It just should change the TV's state. So, that's it. What's furthermore? Do you see the buttons as a means of doing this? Or other... Yeah, with buttons. Or maybe you want a touch screen or... Well, I've seen these remote controls with this little stick, which you can move forward, the side-words. And it's very easy for a user to switch... Yes. ...to switch between channels or between tracks on a CD, on chapters and on a DVD player. So, maybe that's an idea, I don't know. For other user interface, I had... Well, it's more industrial, I think. Pointing at a TV, I think it's quite disturbing when you always have to point directly to a TV. So, you must point it everywhere. So, maybe infrared... Maybe not even pointed. Yeah, just don't even point it. So, in that case, infrared should maybe be restriction to that. Is that the restriction for the range, the operating range, too? So, when you're not able to point at the device... Yeah, if you go to radio or... Yeah, for TV, you're always in the neighborhood of a TV. So, I don't think the range should be a problem to that. But if you want to get it working with a radio, and you're outside your garden with just one speaker, then maybe the range should be... OK, gentlemen, just to remind you, we have five minutes left for this meeting. Two more things. OK. You're able to feel the buttons without... You have to know what you do without looking at the buttons. So, it should be, as user interface, for feeling, should be good to understand. You can feel the buttons for volume or whatever, I think. And, of course, you don't always know where all buttons are. So, it should be visible in dark, too. OK. So, in dark. Those are two really user interface. I'll write down glow in the dark. Yeah, that's perfect. OK. I just want to hear Ruts' input for this meeting. Do you have anything already idea about how the market will respond to such a product, or what we should take in account when developing such a product? I think most things have already been said, like control multiple devices. And the infrared might be an issue. Because? Well, he said about pointing. But lots of devices already used infrared. So, we'll probably have to implement that. OK. OK. OK. Sebastian, did you have any other ideas? Well, yes, I had about three minutes ago. I think you should forget them. Oh, yes, I remember. You said something about visibility in dark. Would it be nice for a user to have display on this remote control, on which you can see functions, which makes it easier to operate. Well, maybe I... It can be quite simple. You can just have white buttons with a black mark on it, the digits in black. Then it's already visible in dark. OK. So, it don't have to be lightening or fancy. Well, it can be for design. Yeah, because we want to develop a trendy product. So, there's a cost limitation too. Yeah. 12 euro 50. So, it's a big problem, I think. I think the financial part of this project implicates that it's not going to be a high end product. OK. The cost price is very low. Just to mention something. The digits of the painting on the buttons should not fade. OK. Yes, very good. OK. The soft buttons always clear the paint on it. The markers. OK. I have one point which comes in mind now. I think the device should either be rechargeable very easily, or should not consume too much power. Because it's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every other week. Yeah. So, maybe we could, for example, only light the buttons that are applicable at that moment. Or, yeah, I don't know. That's more Sebastian's. But then Bluetooth might be a problem. Because I think Bluetooth uses a lot of... Well, that's it. I'm not sure. Well, cell phones have integrated Bluetooth also. And, well, it seems to work quite OK. But you can use Bluetooth all the time, 24 hours a day. OK. Gentlemen, it's over. I'm afraid we do not have any more time. So, we will go back to our own work. Next meeting starts in 30 minutes. And, well, you know your individual actions or your personal coach will probably email you about it. So, this was... OK. See you in 30 minutes. Great.