 Okay, everyone's ready. So we are here for our functional design. Okay. So we are here for the functional design meeting. So first I will show the agenda. So I will take notes during this meeting. So I will try to summarize it and put that summary in the shared folder if you want to look at it afterwards. So then each of you will lead a presentation on the task that has been required last time. So user requirements, specification, technical function design and working design. Then I will present you some new project requirements I received from the management board. Then we will take the decision on the remote control needed functions. And then I will assign you to task for the next part of the meeting of the process. So we want to start the presentation of what they do. Do you want to start? You can start. You have a PowerPoint. It should be in the folder, no? I am maybe there. Okay. Where are you? I'm Triasnick. Ouch. Okay. There is a technical problem. Do you think we said it in the wrong folder? It was somewhere in something like this. I don't remember the name. What do you have in short? Go up. Yeah. Again? No. We are back. You have no... Maybe we are in the RAM. We are in the RAM. Over? Okay. No, there is nothing. There is no... We have a technical problem. Otherwise could you just describe? With the whiteboard. If you remember, yeah. Basically, what we want here is remote control. Of course, we want to control. Most people want to have a remote for the high-fi and TV and stuff like that. But other people want also remote for controlling toys like robotic pets and other robots and stuff. And other people also want to have remote for controlling the whole house. So there is a project called X-Houd or something like that. You can integrate your remote with the computer and stuff. There is one or that one thing. The other thing is the... The Finder Future by Whistling or whatever. If you have the Finder Future, then you can also have... At the same time, any general voice commands. If you want. So I think it should be a packet in that case. So usually the Facebook consists of two parts. One is the voice command. One is the actual buttons part. The buttons part would be a set of buttons for choosing devices. A set of buttons for special navigation in space. A set of buttons for linear access of medium. And a set of buttons for random access. What do you mean by linear access? Like a video tape goes forward backwards, fast and stuff. So special navigation, linear access, random access. And there is a false one, no? So the button are for special navigation? Yeah, for special navigation, for example, you might have a TV in the menu. Then linear access, then random access. And also parameter. Ah, yeah, parameter. So if there are common parameters, maybe you should put special buttons for that. Or maybe you could have everything generic. There are a lot of remotes on the market right now. Basically, most of everybody has this stuff. And voice command, did you... Was command you could specify anything? You could assign any button to any button. If you have enough processing power, I guess. Yeah. Okay. So that close your investigations? Yeah, I think so. Okay. Maybe we can have a look at the user requirements with... Yeah. I don't know if you can open this. I don't know if I can open this. Maybe you can. It's not here. It's in... Okay. Miss any? I'm talking about partage. I think we can open it. Yeah. In which folder? You can do this. Here. Here. Shortcut to... But it's not. Maybe you can set it to me by email. Just to participate one. At Ami. I can do that. I'm trying to show it to everyone. That would be more... comfortable. Okay. You said it. It's participant one. Yeah. This is this email. I'm drawing the face. Okay. Okay. You can now. Okay. So maybe I can switch slides whenever you ask that would be more convenient. So okay, you can go. Okay, so in how our usability lab, we observed the remote control use among 100 subjects. And the subjects also filled a questionnaire. And here are the results. So you can see that the 25% of users find most remote controls ugly. So we have to find something to make them more nice, more kind. 80% of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. 80% of users would spend more money when a remote control would look... Oh, it's not good. So, okay. But I can say, yeah. 75% of users say they zap a lot. We have to have a remote control very hard for that. The buttons have to be, like you say, resisting to shocks. And 50% of users say they only use 10% of the buttons in the remote control. So all the buttons we have to use real use and not to... Okay, so if you have buttons, maybe you can be good. Yeah, not many buttons and you use the e-bull buttons. Okay. But what kind of remote controls do you have? Sorry? I just passed the call. It was a TV. Yeah. Most for... most is TV. Yeah, but in fact, it seems that we are going to make a TV remote control. According to new requirements I received from the management board. I would present them in the following. Ah, good. Okay, you can give us... So, there are the frustrations expressed by users. So they say they lost often the remote control in the room. So they want to have a way to... To find it. To find it. Yeah. And a lot of the time, it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. So they want something very simple and easy to use. And remote controls are bad for... What is RSI? RSI, yeah. You're a wrist. You can't be painful. You can't tell on details. Oh, yeah? I do not know that. RSI is a computer in a trans-position. Okay, so we have to make it more ergonomic. Yeah. You have to say, ghaha. It's your job. Oh. Sorry. But the message from Microsoft. Okay, before that, I have some... Something to say before. We know that they use a lot of remote control to change channel. And to change volume selection of... And not a lot for setting the channels and things like that. So it's better to put something very easy to that. Yeah. This function should be very accessible. This is the main function. So then we ask some questions to them. We ask this question if they prefer a NLCD screen or on a remote function remote control. And if they pay more for a speech recognition in remote control. And you can go... We have here the results of the questions. So you know that for the younger, it's very important to have this speech recognition. And the others are not so important. But we know that people between 15 and 25 are people who watch a lot TV and who can use a lot of this. So maybe we can have a speech recognition. Yeah, maybe this is important. Moreover, maybe those teenagers, customers can advise their parents to buy this equipment. So we have to take care of that point of view. Yeah. Okay. And after is the conclusion. As we said before, I think a remote control lighting in the dark, it's a good thing. Not too many buttons like we said before. It's easy to use a way to find it easily in the room. And resistant to shock and to... Okay. Okay, these aren't... I don't know if you see something else important or... I'm just thinking of something. Yeah. We want to have a... I don't know if this is a good idea. We want to have a general remote control for everything. No, no, no. It seems that we know want to have a TV remote control. From the management port, I receive an email. Because it would be costly. And also it would take more time to develop to have a general remote control. It's not true, I think. The second claim. That it would be too long to develop. I think that should be the same. Because I receive that email from management board. And it seems to tell that if we want to be on the market as early as possible, we should focus on TV more. It seems that the market is more important. So maybe it's a good decision. I don't know what's happening. I don't know if they should know the truth about how fast we can design. I don't think... Yeah, I finished tonight. But basically, yeah, maybe I can continue with my presentation. But I think we have some technical problem. So I'm just going to describe briefly what we do in the remote control. Maybe you can go to the whiteboard if you have some drawings to do. Do I have... Oh, yeah. I have enough cables. Like a dog with... Okay, so I'm just going to describe. In fact, for remote control, this is quite easy. We just have... Sorry. Kind of doing... Okay, are you okay? Like that. I'm just going to describe. Basically, we have a battery, a power supply here. After that, we just have a user in the face. Let's say that... Something like that, which could be an LCD, let's say, or an array of push button, something like that. Push button or LCD. After that, we feed that into an electronic chip. So I say, you see... And I feed that to an LED, which is infrared, which is an infrared component. And so, what we... For myself, this is for us, this is quite easy. You see the central unit? Yeah. Okay. This is just a chip, which does all the numerical... Computational? Numerical computation. According to you display. And so for us, this is quite easy. We just need to define what we want to do when the user in the face wants something. And after that, we just do the coding to send that to the television. Okay. So for us, this is quite easy. Okay. So this is quite easy. And we just have to define the processing power that we need, especially if we want to do some speech recognition, in that case, that we are going to use more... This will take more time to develop. Yeah, of course, of course. But for a standard one, this is really easy. It's a question of one month and so on. Do you speak about voice control? No, no, no, I say. Stand at the button when? Yeah. Stand on remote control. Text may be one month to do that. So the only time problem is the voice control equation? Yeah. Definitely. So do you have any idea of how long it would take to have voice recognition? I would say... Ten years. I would say about eight months to have the first results. Okay, so it's a bit long, yeah. Yeah. One month for the standard one with button. Yeah. Even if we have a LCD display. Yeah, even. I mean, this is really standard devices now. And eight. For a speech recognition. Okay, yeah. Okay, so we can take this into account. So we think it would be good to go for speech recognition. But we don't have time to market. And also how much? I think we should go on the market. During the kickoff meeting, you said that we shouldn't go up to 12.5 euros per unit. Yeah. So how many units should we sell to have a... Well, each unit is sell 25 euros. Yeah, but how many... Yeah. How much do you get? How much do you... If you buy one million units, one hundred thousand units. Tips, because you need tips, right? Yeah. How much would it cost for one hundred thousand? Usually, this is less than that two dollar one super chip. Okay. Because we have... For a powerful one, that has good enough for two special missions. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So it seems that we want to sell like four million units from the first meeting. Okay. Four million. Okay, maybe we can look at the new requirement I received from the management board and discussed all functions we want to have. I just had a question. Do you want to continue with your presentation? Yeah, I will continue. Well, ask your question if you want. You say that I don't remember my heart, but 30% of the taste of people say that it's quite difficult to... to use the remote control. Yeah. Do they say that this is difficult, but for the same reason or do they have other reason? To keep in mind, maybe to access to that menu, you should do something like that. Yeah, I think they say that it's difficult to learn how to use it. But when you know how to use it, it's okay. It's not intuitive, but maybe on what about if we design a remote control, which can be configured as you want? You say that I want, I have six votes on it. A lot of people are... If you have the LCD screen, you can do it completely the way you want, because the buttons also would look the way you want them. But it would be hard to configure. I mean, imagine that. So it's really something for the expert user. So, I mean, there are markets and markets. I think the young people that are... Christine here said that... Yeah. ...have... Yeah. It is... So for our young people, it would be cool. They are able to use it. Maybe their parents will not, but they will configure it. I guess, I don't know if there's a study. Maybe it would be more complex to configure it, to be simple. Yeah. Then creating a simple project. And I think that if you make something that's simple, and this is the use that's... The use in me, that means that it will be exactly the same as everything else. Yeah. Otherwise, if it's different, then of course it will have some of it. It has to learn first. Yeah. But also, we see that most people find it... find remote controls to complex, because they have too many buttons. And they mainly use only channels and volume buttons. So we may just make it very easy to use remote control, with mainly those buttons. Yeah. And maybe also some lightning stuff to... Because most people find also hard to find the remote controls, lose it, etc. These two points are the main frustrations. So maybe if we design something very simple and easy to find when lost, it will add a serious competitive advantage, without making something too complex and too long to develop. So, but let's just see first the new requirement. So we don't have to... So this is... This is in the same direction as we were speaking. So we don't have to make a very complex remote controls to access teletext and stuff like that. That's a bit like just one button. Yeah, but then you have to define the buttons to serve amongst pages. Just write the numbers. Yeah. So, write with a channel key. So anyway, we don't have to include this feature, because it's not used anymore by users. I'm sure that it doesn't like, but I don't see just one button. Yeah. I don't know. If one button is still one more button, if we want to make it very simple, we have to reduce the number of buttons compared to the two or competitors. Well, anyway, I have this point we can discuss. Also, so as I told before, it would be better if it's only for the TV, because we want to be quick on the market. And then also we have to make very clear that this remote control is part of our products and show a corporate logo and colors on the design as well, so that they identify it as one of our products. So this is the key point. So before finishing, we can define what would be the characteristic of the control, of the remote control, and which button do we need, which function do we want, etc. Capital. So, so from the marketing expert, I think a key aspect is the easy to use aspect. It should be very simple, and most buttons are never used only 10% of the buttons are used often. So I think we have to do something very simple, and I think we all agree on that point. Well, if it is going to be just a TV remote control, it's going to be very simple. So, the key point here is simple. Maybe, so few buttons, channel, volume control, and what function do you see? Well, if you can do that. In addition to the simple as possible, just a TV remote control, there is no other function in the country. Maybe switch TV on and off. You want to keep all the way on so that the advertising can, and then you can come back. Yeah, volume, maybe a mute button, and then one off button. And that's all. I know that, you say that many people are doing plenty of zapping. I know, I discovered that when I did a quick look. They do not, so they do something which is quite nice now. You have a button, you press it, and this is the previous channel which is coming back. Yeah, this is cool. Maybe we can include that also, previews channel button. So we have like channel button, the previews channel button, the volume button press a mute button, and just the traditional one off button. And of course, the channel changing buttons. Yeah, I talk about that. How should we implement that? Because there could be numerical only, it could be also incremental. Yeah. Incremental, definitely, because zapping you switch them. Let's say that we can do something like that. This is an incremental. But when you press it for a long time, you go 5 by 5. You go 5? Two go faster. It's an interesting idea that if you press it for a long time, it does something else in general. So if you have your 10 buttons for the numerical buttons, and you have, instead of having just one memory, you have a few percent for a long time. No, it doesn't work. There it is. Maybe we should have also a DG, but have a complete keyboard and type console commands. Yes. Change channel to A. Maybe we have also two FDG's, or only incremental. I don't know, because if you have this for like, if you want to 10 to 203 channels, for example, you cannot work with just memory and incremental. Because you have your previous channel button, if you have incremental only, it doesn't work. Because the previous channel is either minus one or plus one. So I think we need also DG's. Maybe we can make very obvious the channel and volume button, and smaller button, turned there with the DG's. When you use app, usually you would like to press the same button at the time. Oh, we can do something like that. We can design the remote control to have access. Some remote control have a protection. And so you... Yeah, I just was thinking, you know, there's some mask with a wheel like this. Just off having the app down buttons. Yeah, kind of just. Yeah, maybe we can have a wheel for incremental. Okay, so have a wheel for incremental. Have the DG's on the lower side that can be closed. So as you say, protected. And, yeah, I think this is the lower side. You have to turn it. And do we have a... Yeah, not a wheel, but a ball. And you say... I would say the wheel is better. It is the expert of... Yeah. Because it's not like a volume with a smooth, yeah, it's only 10 to 1 by 1. So you have to... The user should feel the... The discreet. Yeah, okay. A bit. Yeah, that's a good idea. And... Well, also we have to decide... So it should be lightning in the dark. I think because most people lost their remote control. Quite easy. We do that with backlight on the... With LED or if it's a LCD... Blue LED and we set that. And we put an LCD display. Because it was important for young customers if you remember. I think it's all important if you have multifunction. Yeah. If you do not multifunction, then there's no point in having it. You just increase the cost. Okay. The user does not have an advantage of that. So no LCD. And so no speech as well because it would delay too much... The development is really cool. Yeah, but it would be cool. It would be cool to say, see a nun, for example. It would be cool to see a nun. Yeah, that would be cool. But eight months is really long. Maybe we can just... Ten years. So I will... So we will move to next meeting. So after the lunch break... You are the individual action. You are required to do. But you will be recalled to the actions by email, I think. But you can take notes if you want. But the instruction will be sent. So thank you for your suggestion. And I will make a summary of that meeting that I will put in the shared folder. You can't see. And then you will... You will be able to see what has been... Has been said on this meeting and what has been decided. Maybe for next meeting, send me your presentation before by email. So that we can see them all together. That would be easier. What is the folder that you put in the origin? It worked. No, it did not work. She sent it to me by email. I didn't know it. So maybe this is better to send it by email. What is your email? So yeah, I'm... It's in the first email, so I'm participant one. I'll put it in the first email. Okay. Where is that? It's here. Participant one at Amy. Okay. So see you after lunch break. Can I do it? Can I do it? Can I do it? Can I do it? Okay. So next time we will see each other fight. I don't know. I will see. I will see. It's not going to be that way. We will see each other later. You said fight and you went to the wrong night. It's everywhere. There you go.