 if you please want to sit down and I'm gonna show you sure it's not safe yet okay so okay oh beautiful drawing so just so this is our agenda you you're going to show your prototype presentation after me oops oh yeah so these are the oh okay yeah so these are the last notes we made if anything doesn't look right just say to me then I don't know if people didn't report you know we're doing speech recognition because didn't have enough time to design the inside as well okay but still possible financially so if you want to okay yeah what then then we're gonna put it in okay just yeah just we have to design the inside then but the should or are we making a slide open like underneath or fold open slide open is quite usual for remote control yeah like underneath you can slide it open and you can maybe that's stronger as well yeah that's it's okay okay I think that's better when you have a lot of room inside so you can make it very easy to use because you can write a lot of comments besides okay so this is okay i'll cool to you so we're gonna use advanced chips then okay so that's just how much that is but um okay for the yeah I think so I don't know no you have a different chip for speech recognition so already calculated that and still in the budget so it's okay good so you can show your prototype if you want to yeah together yeah let's do it together I'll give comments okay yeah we just made a word file with the basic elements the look and feel model well the form the case as drawn there simply a square with round corners so that's basically it the materials should be hard plastic color changeable and also transparent and color and transparent or just transparent I don't know then the elements we have the functions are just basic like uh i've pointed a mere mute function on the off function text functions this is the switch channel okay cool and this is the the numpad and the logo is over here in the mic okay and scroll will know you operate that with your pointing finger so you hold it like this in your right hand and so how many things do you need for the microphone speech recognition there's only one button to say it will know the specification of that but um I can imagine that you have to input your voice or something yeah maybe maybe you have to configure it yes you need options to configure it and after that you don't need them anymore so you can put it on the back as well if you yeah you can all have around the slide function I don't know okay well we haven't had time to design that the slides we also don't know how many buttons are required or what kind of buttons but you have a lot of room if you can slide it open yeah you can put it in you can imagine you need at least four buttons there's some things so enough room um the position yeah you're right uh you wrote this so the main zap buttons are in the center this was the most important thing so uh best replays best reach place um enough buttons, text buttons, mute buttons are together and at the place they usually are easy to find um the enough button is a bit bigger so it stands out that's why you don't have to make it right because it will uh we'll show up uh score wheels on the left side it's basically the standard place for score wheels yeah as I know but it's not impossible to use it if you're left handed so yeah because you can use your thumb then just just one thing now um you need to have more uh one tooth you've got one two three four five six seven eight nine but you missed the no the zero and uh the two strides yeah that's okay then I'm just so you get that okay but it's rather important okay we just missed that but um well just uh okay back to later the foreign well you have taken that from the iPods other popular technical device so um should be popular um with uh the buttons creating uh if you that are all round shapes not around its corners okay so that now you get a bit of round feeling um no use heart plastic since that allows us to use the 2D buttons uh non-rober buttons color changeable well um the backlight thing the thing that lights up we have decided uh in the channel buttons there's a little uh color around it and also in the numpad there's also color light behind it you can choose what color color you want how do you want to implement that maybe on the second level as well yeah these are just basic functions all the non-basic okay just draw the second level which is we need that as well okay there's one uh function i use uh daily and it's not on the basic functions it's uh to switch to your score uh dvd player okay maybe we use this yeah maybe or you can lay it beneath and the other yeah as well do you make your device maybe just draw second level one and say all the options that are still left or something a second level like new uh how does the second level come out it's lights or arms or arms maybe from the uh you can do it with the claps open but i think that's not solid no that's not good yeah that's right so it doesn't even have to slide all the way up so what do we need? uh the speeds, functions, buttons yeah just menu menu button with maybe uh arrows so you can uh scroll in the navigate the menu oh god I think we can even put uh we have one for zero and one for the one for the more digit uh so you have one left so this is the video channel by session etc that's used pretty often by session you use it every day basic uh external or something you want to save the files then? drawing so here are multiple speech buttons i don't know how many uh doesn't really matter that's terrible what else? what else? menu buttons yeah it's with never-guys uh just with arrows oh one thing's best if we do um where do we have like a normal uh like on the normal like this? yeah within the middle a menu button yes okay you don't have any anything on how many buttons speech you cry so you can't really design that okay maybe one button to switch the color of your uh lets yeah and you can hold it and then the color switch or it's press it once press it once press it once it's red yeah if you have enough place and then we can do that we can put those here color buttons and then we choose green, blue and red okay okay that's um so did we miss anything yeah maybe some text some text uh that's the whole wheel that it is volume okay yeah yeah but just there the volume logo there's one there's one text that and here yeah okay that's the one that you use if you search for a page uh like 700 uh and it's counting from 200 to 200 you will switch to your television and back yeah do you do you do you think of that yeah but then you can switch back to normal tele-tex you just switch it off and then just put it on those extra extra yeah um no well we thought of a text button and if you press it again you get the the state yeah but if you were in a second stage the third stage is switch tele-tex off so you can switch back from seconds to move first just remember where it was it doesn't uh clear the page if you turn tele-tex on you set the 700 and you turn it off then the next time you turn it on it still stays on okay okay maybe it's not the way you know it's a functionality for the television yeah i think as well but that's maybe one yeah we can discuss about it no uh the remote can send like the code for 700 page 700 to the television yeah if you switch it on control in the yeah but just to switch every time again that's what happening if you do like that yeah that's true yeah i know do we need to fix that or no that's what it is collect all the pages yeah those memory not every every television so yeah this logo for volume yeah that's fine so that's it this is pretty much it yeah yeah i thought about one thing the buttons from which material are they now just like your telephone hard buttons just hard plastics okay because if you use it a couple of years sometimes the numbers on the buttons are a slider way and maybe we can describe the numbers below or above or shall we just turn it on the buttons i think just if you do it above or below it takes much space yeah i would just think just lays this for a i think you have a problem more often with rubber buttons yeah with rubber buttons and yeah okay fine yeah okay yeah i don't know what this means but i think we just if you evaluate it this one yeah i made some criteria okay you made some if you evaluate our model okay i didn't don't think if it's right does that show it you have some usability criteria okay i know all the criteria as we just argue about in the bottom yeah look at feel evaluation is yeah evaluation presentation it's not here it doesn't matter it only had two pages or something well i looked in the reports from the marketing strategy or the new needs and the market, the Italians how they think about it and the research about the the users and that kind of stuff and i made some criteria and we have to test the criteria from one to zero we can give it a number and then we can give herself an average for our model and these are all i found or i wrote down and we have to discuss if we give it one or a seven i think if you have a kind of i-pulled idea yes the difference between a beautiful fancy look and feel is the outside beautiful like the i-pulled or something and fencing is more like the fleshing lights and the colors and that kind of stuff okay if you can get the i-pulled then it's beautiful yes what kind of basic colors where you thought of the basic colors are black or green or yellow or you have to tell the world how do we make maybe a company colors black and yellow yellow light no really but not yellow light just a bit of yellow black white black white because different colors the same as the the cover but also the light can you change those with the switch make them black or grey just dark grey okay so what number do we give at beautiful is really subjective because it has to do lots of things so we have changeable phones so for everyone is something you give it a one it's perfect i think it's just what you want it's hard to decide for us but it's a lot better than current remote controls okay just give it a two okay the fancy look and feel that's about our fleshing lights background lights from the buttons and we can change the colors so that's really fancy one more thing are we changing are they back lights on the slide panel two or no back lights no it's only on the number behind the numbers and the switch channel is between this here i don't think it's that it's pretty cool if you slide it open it lights up that's really fancy but i don't know if it's reachable of course it's reachable then we do it okay maybe just some light to light it all up you can see what's really there not just on the buttons or something just the green light but yeah just back light not the buttons and the normal back lights also not the buttons but behind the buttons so the buttons are just great oh yeah some are you transparent yeah that's okay okay fine so i think it's very fancy yeah so i've done a lot of detail in light so yeah and you can also choose in light so this is one i think this one okay next this is a difficult one because we don't we don't know about the it's very easy to use but the second layer is not easy to use no but you don't have to use that and you don't have to pay attention to that second layer that's the main thing that's so good about not as fast as a usual remote control because i think this scroll will it's very handy but the first time you get this thing in your hands is not to use this scroll i think you must seek for it and up or down but the rest of it is very easy because there's so yeah i think it's very clear so a few information that you can easily decide what buttons for what function the second part like speech that will be hard to learn so it is learnable and first place is very easy to use and i think it's scroll wheels easy to use as well if you have ever used a different kind of we've got two or three new things and maybe learnable is in compare of old-fashioned remote controls so we have speech scroll wheel and the slide you must slide it and that's not normal normal remote controls i think learnable is less than easy to use because easy to use comes after learnable i think it's very clear so just give it it too maybe it's free then learnable no but definitely then one new show just all buttons and you don't know yeah true then a tool okay okay new features technological innovative speech function and the new and the slide is not new i only saw it in a telephone i already had a VCR and it's from the light and the other is light but also the buttons come out as well okay and the lightning is that new? yeah for a new scroll wheel speech different colors yeah different fronts for remote control i think that's new too yeah so we have a pretty new yeah no games it's not a one it's a two it's not LCD it's a one station we are forgetting about that now oh yeah that's right it's very sharp yeah we didn't draw that too but that's more like now yeah just draw it afterwards yeah it's just a normal simple thing if you can you save it on the same map as the other one in the project map just save save us save us no that's not important well it's already in the folder like number seven oh yeah okay smart words yeah but this one this one is not yet in the i think it is it's not in the video yeah i think it is run titles yeah it doesn't matter it's dealt with all the research and the session and all the same and new features so we give it a two also again and one no i think if you have games on it then you give one we are not extraordinary new it's still a two targeted audience we are the targeted audience do we like it? no we search for a young group we are exactly the targeted group yeah but did we reach with our style the targeted audience that's my question you get the fancy things for younger people the aesthetic things for older people we've got a one for fancy looking and that's what attracts the young audience yeah the only point is that we don't have that's already that's this question yeah but that's basically not handy and i don't see yeah so we targeted it that we didn't follow the latest trends no yeah you could make a a front latest trends a front that's the only that's like the right on my computer well through the vegetables yeah you get different front yeah so we have like a fruit style kind of front but spongy will never be no so we give ourselves a three or something yeah oh okay so that's 11 that's what's the average? 11 divided by 6 yeah this is 1.83 upper for score no i don't know we're not too hard on ourselves this is a power indicator okay you can see how far it's charged up and then you need a button to call it to let it be to call oh yeah that's still good yeah but we have to make a speaker then too if you want to make it be but we can we can do it underneath the logo if you do a speaker it's really useful yeah the speaker is very small as well yeah okay so i just got a financial you saved it? yeah i did save it okay let's have a look at this one here are the production costs of it if i forgot anything say to me it's just a battery there are some things that they didn't mention because recharge is not on the list but okay so i think we are pretty much in the right direction because it's 12.3 euro okay so this is a regular chip and a sample speaker okay so that's both no that's perfect 12.3 and single curve but does it include a home station or no that's not on the list but can we make that for 20 cents yeah we can probably i just the button supplemented special color maybe was um different fonts but standard font one but yeah i think special form yeah try to say but maybe we have to yeah it's okay special color you can skip this one because it's all quite normal you get different ones at all so you can put the recharge in but this is expensive the sample speaker yeah yeah it's four it's four euros oh damn is that uh included it's 12 euro so yeah it's kind of weird that we get this information now afterwards because yeah no okay so this is pretty much head this morning damn so this has a response yeah we just made it so we can do the projects if your evaluation now for uh everything together okay okay we can do some discussion about this what's the room for creativity sure yes okay both the room for creativity yeah thanks i think so i think everyone does she already yeah if we got an i mark for uh innovativeness or you know creativity yeah we probably have been not we could make a lot of different remote controls yeah so it's creativity okay so the leadership wasn't the real leadership of course the was okay what do you have to say about that? yeah just normal discussion i think not yeah one leader or something one leader to check the time and make notes yeah i know so more like a secretary yeah okay next one uh teamwork the third meeting i think that one was pretty hard you were not or were not agree with that we had so much information that we get through email and just i think we got the wrong information at the wrong time i think that was the biggest problem yeah like uh the prices if you knew that before we could have uh yeah that's a question really really quicker yeah because the prices could be 20 euro or something yeah and if you had 15 euro then we would have discussed yeah yeah finance so we're basically just lucky to yeah get the price right but the team work was okay yeah everybody could speak their uh opinion i think everyone listen to each other yeah like marketing stuff and then we had to include them in the design yeah okay yeah what i have to say about the means the smart board is okay digital pen is horrible if you use it but if you computer it it doesn't work digital pen smart board would be very nice to work with if it works really well yeah it would be faster or rather more hard to make i think yeah it should be more accurate and i think it would be great if you could edit it from just with a mouse when it's hitting just point it out it's the same for the presentation you can do it from here that's machis and standing there yeah and see yeah i'm just point with a mouse no use to draw on the board itself it's just a slowest out yeah just old-fashioned kind of blackboard style but you might as well do it in normal computer style yeah even hard to see draw like this then blackboard style and it's far too slow this way yeah okay you could draw on it but not as main function no i guess i think yeah okay digital pen so we made it in time we made it in time we made it in time we did it in the budget new ideas found new ideas what's the four four i don't know what i mean i just think if you to gather or to work together or new ideas for you're remote control probably no for the project for my door the favorites for your text now for the prototype new ideas yeah but still you could make a fancy you could make a prototype out of this because we don't have any sizes and well it's for the next team yeah we can possibly do that in such a short time i think yeah just the idea phase yeah just brainstorming yeah details so are we finished yes i think just just write the final report okay quite early yeah now we have only four minutes left oh okay well what do we have to do then we were done at four o'clock it's now quarter past three so i should take some pictures okay we can do it afterwards yes let's play my sweeper i found it as well tada okay okay okay oh uh one two three four five six seven cameras not bad okay okay okay okay okay okay okay So, did we see it? Yeah, now we can look at this. This is? We're probably not supposed to look at this one. The old versions. Yeah, from the previous group. They went for... For touch device. Yeah, but also different devices. Then and also deep, with the handy. Here are the basic functions and here are the selecting devices. Yeah, and touch things for all our stuff. I do agree with that. Yeah, to do. English is not so hard, by the way. No. I'm breaking a world record here. Come on, leader. I got a problem, Paul. You do? Yes. You have to make a choice. No, it's your choice. Whoa, that's pretty quick. Just take one. Yeah, to the side. It's the lower one. What's this? A bomb or... No, no, no. Open one is the bomb. This is the bomb. Yes. Bomb. Shit. I knew it. I knew it. Four in a row. No, that's too much work. Come on. Is that previous work? Yeah, this one. I challenge you. Oh, that's so stupid. No, that doesn't work. No, you got to use the magic pen. What if I put one there? That's stupid. We'll see. Okay. I don't agree. Hmm. Sorry, you had two choices. That's going to be true. Hmm. Too bad. I'll put it here. Then we're going to put it there. Damn. No one wins. A difficult choice either here or there. This is a very interesting design. I think it's just the same as normal. What they've done in that... Well, it has a LCD. I think. Then do it correctly. It's stupid design. It's stupid. LCD is free. Okay, wait. I'm going to draw something. You must... What? Okay. I'm going to guess what you're drawing. Okay, blank. No, not a new one. No, I didn't. I just don't see it. I know one. A house. You have to use the pen. You have to save everything. Not everything. Yeah, everything. Pen. Pen. It wants to know what we do in our spare time. Okay. What's the house? A plant. No, it's... Only you can know it. Only I can know it. It's... It's very hard to draw. Okay, that makes it easier here. I think I know. No, wrong. I think I know what you're trying to draw. It's wrong already. It's very... Yeah, you missed the right side. I can't. No, you're wrong. A little bit, maybe. See where you're wrong now? The entrance. Warning. Finish meeting now. All right. Okay, the entrance is more to the left. Warning. Warning. You're correct. Okay. I think... This part... I think... Oh, no, you're... Made another mistake. Yeah, there are a lot of mistakes because the balls are thick like this. No, not that one. But there's a big hole here as well. Oh, it's true. That's the kind of big mistake. Yeah, they're walking behind the walls. Warning. Finish meeting now. I think we have to finish the meeting. Okay. Okay, this is a hard one. What does it say? I feel in the questionnaire. What now? Come on. Finish meeting after meeting the question. Okay. Okay. No more chit chat. Oh, you got to chit chat. Over there? Yeah. I'm going to be a son of a... Clean that up later. This is my inner face. What's up? I'm going to edit it smiley. Don't do that. Right. Oh, God. Okay.