 things are expensive. For blah blah. Fight. Got to close this? We don't have any changes. So no. There we go. Okay, here we are again. Detailed design. Oh, come on. Well, I forgot to insert the minutes, but it's about the same thing we discussed before. It opened anyway. Thank you. Other design. Anyway, we took rubber as the material last time. We also know that you just been busy with it. Took the advanced chip to implement the advanced features. Well, we discussed the design. We just know that the sharp corners we rounded it off. Like you see on the other screen, which is fine. We agreed that the color should be yellow and black. We'll be in the back because it's more trendy than black anyway. So I'm okay. We agreed that we would implement both LCD and speed recognition. We'll get to that in a moment. Because some changes in the financials have left us some implications anyway. So like I said, we had no insight into finances, no prices, but we have them now. And it's bad. Anyway, we are a prototype presentation. Well, first you guys built the prototype. So you could present that. But let's see what we have to do. No, just go ahead and present that we'll scrap it later because I think it's more as the same. It's basically what we agreed upon. It hasn't changed that much. No, no, no, not at all. I didn't expect any. You just colored it. Final design. Basically, we discussed the cover and buttons for the rubber, yellow color, black components. I like the menu. I chose a different type of color for the menu. It's darker yellow. So that shows in this keypad. If you put them all black, it's not really that good a contrast. And I suppose the yellow is not printed on the rubber. It's part of the rubber, I suppose. Probably. I think that's more durable anyway than printed on too. And I guess it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber than to the integration story again. So we have it's a bit round shape. That's what we had. We chose the buttons to be teletext, okay button, favorite channel and the mute. So that's basically what we chose there. Okay. If you have anything to add, please enter it. No, this is just a description off with the CDer. Yeah. That's pretty much it. Okay. It's time to ruin everything. Well, not ruin everything, but. Oh, sorry. No. Finances. That's what we have here. What you drew. We have battery power. We have advanced chips and the sensor. The simple sensor and for speaker recognition anyway. So which you see, the which is one of the most expensive parts. One curve, the design, rubber design. And we had a special color. It was supposed to be yellow, it was a special color. So it's just half a euro for it. We have push buttons and an LCD display. It gives us a total of 17 euros in production cost. Which is higher than the 12.5 that we are permitted to use. So easy. What do we scrape? I think the best solution that I came up with is just to take out the speech recognition. I had to say that because the LCD has more support on customer side. There are 91% of the people or something like that. But 90% who favor an LCD display and only 60% that favor speech recognition. I think it's. We don't have a extra function with the speech. Which you can't do with a normal remote control. Which people already do. So. So I took that out. So. I was still stuck with 13. So I had to take out the special color, I suppose. And yeah, I didn't see anything else I could take out. Yeah, I should take out the push buttons. We need those. So. What I came up with. In order to be come to have production costs of 12.5 euros. Scrape speech recognition and the separate covers. Can account for the if people wanted. Well, just that we'll just do it in black. Well, just delivered in black have it has all the function that it's supposed to have. And if you want it, if you want the custom design, then you can buy the separate covers. Or whatever you want to disagree with you on that because the trend issue was a big issue. What's big is shining this so can't we just. I'll just go back. Let's see what 13. Okay, let's just see what we know we have to be. Yeah, 12 and a half. It's not. Okay, there's no go to go over 12 and a half. Okay, but there's another one. If you take another cover, for instance, black, then we also need another button frame because black and black doesn't work. Obviously, I think you that's what you were assigned to do really to see how both of us work together. Yeah, so I think yeah, it's I think it's one of the it's a good way to. To help people to make to keep product 22. Just keep you just make new covers for it like we agreed before. And everything that's left is the basic function that we want our product to have because expensive parts are in the advanced chip. But we need that for the LCD display. Then again, we have the LCD display, which is also expensive. Yeah, but let's go together. And yeah, we could take out the curve. Oh, say let's. We could take out the curve indeed. We could take out the curve. Is that an option? Yes, for you. I think other is more important than really the curve because if you just end up with an entirely black. I think it's it does ruin it, but the fact that I took that decision or. Took this example actually not really a decision, but the example is because. We do offer the. The possibility of adding your own custom cover so you can change it into any color you want. So it's just you deliver a basic remote control with a possibility to change it into whatever you want. Can you have another also change the material would take plastic for a basic cover? You can take plastic, but I. That's something stuck into my mind is that something that really can't forward from the marketing research is that. People like the the. The pushing feeling of the spongy feeling of the. And it really makes it also makes it different from the existing remote control. It's all plastic. Which in in term. Remember would increase the ability. Okay, it doesn't break. But what do you then suggest we lose because we have to lose two things and. I like I said I lost the speech recognition and I lost a special color which was make this. Okay, and that's enough. Like a black and gray. Yeah, that's that's enough. So black and gray is okay. I guess those are the basic colors. Which we can fabricate. The people want to pay for it. So they why why do we have to keep us. I'm sure that that's that's the order we're just where the project team and we got our orders from the. From. From our company which say we don't want to speak more than 1250 for this. That's not our that's not our decision to take. No, we have a budget of 1250 per product. I don't think it's really bad either. I mean if we have the backup of or the backup design thing. I hope the people would like to have. I think they would do. I think they do like we agree upon that. That the cover thing was a nice idea because you could have all sorts of designs. While at the same time just manufacturing one product. One basic product which you can turn into any any taste you want. I think it's the best solution. Make the custom covers for the design aspect and keep the functionality between. Within the boundaries of the your. Your budget. So should make clear to our customer that we had to do this to say under the cost and that. They know that this is an option and that we had to drop the option to stay under the cost. That they know that. Well, I don't think yeah. It doesn't mean anything to the customer. Of course. We don't have to care that you had to. No, but I think okay the cover is such a nice idea. Let's that then they allow us to make some more costs. We can at least tell them we didn't get that. You don't know. I think it should either be a pack. Maybe they should be sold in in stores with. With a standard cover or something. We're not talking about that cost. But the one that has given us the order to design this. We could at least make it like this. Like you said. And then tell them okay we had to drop this and that. Just that you know it isn't still an option. It's not for this price. Yeah, it's true. So actually it's not that much of an increase. But yeah, we can't contact them. It's just the order that we got. So that's what we got to go with. So it's either once just to get it just to get it through final. It's either turned into plastic. Drop the squishy feel make it make it more breakable. Or turn it yellow. So. It's something we have to decide on. Let's say lose the curve. That's true. Oh, that's true. We could lose the curve. Yeah, I forgot that. Sorry. The curve. So which curve is that made? That's basically that. Just this one just the banana curve. Yeah, so we could still have a comfort. No, that would be a curve inside the thing I guess. Now would you that would just be a straight remark just like like that. Which would yeah, turn it into something far more ordinary. We could make it yellow. Second that. You second that you second we lose the curve. No, that it would turn out to be a pretty straightforward remote control. Okay. It's not really. So I think it would be a good idea to keep the curve to separate from the rest of the remote control world. So to speak. So we keep the curve. So the only only solution is either to use to lose the yellow or lose the rubber. And I'm in favor of keeping the rubber because it has more more advantages than the color yellow has. I would say. I would agree with you on the color because that's an extra option. Max or service we can deliver for a little bit more money. So yeah, I guess people are willing to pay for that. So I think we can take that option just with the with the idea in the back overhead that you can customize your remote control. So I think that would still make it a nice product. Okay, we're fine on that. So it's too bad we can't make the whole super thing. But anyway, we're here. Yeah, basically what we discussed is discussed just now. That's just now just could just discuss how the project went. I mean, it was kind of. I want to sort of expect to that. Everything would turn out this way, but. Because yeah, everything cannot be for free. We didn't think it was too bad. We didn't have the financial info the last time because that was. It was really essential really to make because we spent. An entire stage designing a product. Of which we had no idea what it would cost. So just something. I think it's really. Nothing stroke with reality actually. I do. I felt good blind throughout the project. Yeah, beginning I had no list of. I think it would have been. It would be a finance at least the last me I would have expected had to have that. So let's see. Yeah, see if it sells. I mean, I suppose this sells because it's very. Very extended, but. Like hoping that sells. I suppose it sells because it's good. I mean, it's got everything for the for the reasonable price because we didn't know what it's going to cost anyway. Okay. That's a fairly rate. The product of us our design. I have some. A method and requirements and scale off. I will present some statements and we will decide together what if it's true or false. Then we see if the requirements of the user are fulfilled or not. And I will. Make a new blank sheet. So the buttons the look and feel I thought it was okay, but the advanced settings screen audio and channel. But your major thing. We are not. I think that is totally met because. The menu. Really took them for the. They have the field they want. They have the simplicity they want. No, it's all. I think it's very very well met. Either two or one may. I think we took that everything they wanted to consideration. So it could either be a two or one. So. One and a half. Which is not an option. Oh, yeah, it's a creator own option. Look and feel it. Everybody. It's true. Yeah, so. And the next one. Yeah, when it's lost, you can find it for deaf people. I don't think it's perfect, but we did everything possible to get it back. Because it's stuck in your couch. You can't see the light. Maybe you can't hear it. Yeah, I mean, we tried. I think that's the deserves a one. Yeah, definitely. The fight. That's okay, then. And the next one. How is that? We don't have. Manual. Manual, yeah. I think that's part of it. It could be a little bit more difficult than a normal emotional. But then again, it's for young people. So. Yeah, and LCD tells a lot about. It's pretty straightforward. You have a. It's pretty straightforward. Navigation. I'll choose to navigate through the LCD manual. Yeah, big problem. So it's one or one. No. I think what we did for the. On phones. There was no issue on making a manual actually. And now it's just true. I don't think it takes no. It really doesn't take time to learn. I think we took it so easy. We have so little buttons. Everything speaks for itself, really. So I think it's yeah, we didn't. It's not tour one. I guess maybe it's a two because the LCD is a little is a little new and. There are some options hidden under the menu button. So I might make it. It's a two instead of a one. I guess. And LCD. You have to. See it. So let's make that a two. It's a little bit. Learning. Okay. Yeah. It's a little bit same, but. It tells you. It's not in a good way. I think so. I think it's perfect. The way it is. What it can't do. If it's useful. I think so. Yeah. What are we displaying on the LCD screen? Just only the channels and. Or. In the menu, sir. What's like brightness and. Those kind of things we've put in the menu. Because we have no buttons for those. Basically the menu options indeed. Oh, in the LCD screen. I mean, the LCD screen. The small screen. And for the channel selection. I thought it was. I thought the people wanted previews on there. Yeah, I thought it was possible. Because it's the requires quite a bit of bandwidth. I don't think it's possible already, but. They didn't really define what should be used for. Maybe a TV guide or something. For example, TV guys. I think that's. Yeah, that you can transmit. Do it and everything. Just for extra information on your programs. It must be clear. Also things like. What's for menus or how about preferences of your. How about configuring your remote control for favorite. Your favorite channel for. Yeah. Well, how do you configure that? So that's going to be done by the LCD display. I think it's good. No, maybe it's down to one because it's. We're not using it perfectly. We didn't give it. I don't think we're discussing now. We gave it enough thought though. I think we should just lower this from maybe to three. You could have used it more effectively probably. Yeah, indeed. So everybody's agree with and free on it? We are using it, but it's not poorly used, but it's not efficiently used. I think we could have even lost the selection button and done everything via LCD selection. Yeah. That's now it's just extra to illustrate him. Yeah. It's all right. Extra features, but okay. Free. Not already only an extra. Nothing. Seven. Seven. That's a. Can you talk to remote control? Or we can say it. Well, we can't talk anymore. Yeah. So we script that. Or we could say neutral. Oh, yeah. Because we scratch the. Just to be a prick. But if you can talk to your remote control, just doing it. Yeah. You can talk to it. You can talk to our remote control. If there's a specification recognition. Yeah. All the trends and all colors. Any more? Well. Well, we did take everything in consideration, of course. Yeah. I think it's okay. But the colors we don't have special colors. No, no, no. I was particular, but we took into consideration the fact that it's customizable to the fashion. Yeah. We don't have it. We do have it product. It's just sold as a package. It's not part of the basic product. Changing covers is also trend that that's what I call trendy. I mean the shape is trendy the Functions are trendy. It's just the colors that are not supporting the basic model Because yeah, it's just not affordable Go there too then because it's not perfect because we cut do it initially, but it's possible But you have to pay extra for the for the possibility of having a different color Yeah to right Last one that the Vel bend over all 16. 16. Free. Two points. Two points. Two points. Seven or something. I don't know. 16. Divided by six. Two two. Two two. Third. Two two. Third. So we can say it's the product is it's okay. It's okay but it's you mostly it's it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition because yeah that gives you a seven which ruins your your average yeah without that it would be like under it wouldn't yeah it would be under two so I think we have even with this it's reasonable yeah if we make it into a four as in neutral because we didn't implement it so we can't say that we yeah that it's really not well implemented become an average of two one eight one things two it's okay which is pretty one good yeah two three least on the positive side so definitely could definitely have done better if we've had more resources but yeah I think it's probably yeah I do admit that we did miss a little or didn't didn't talk them talk enough about the possibility of the LCD display we could have used it more efficiently we just didn't think of it that way yeah with scurvy so like I said changing channels everything hidden in your LCD display so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything but I think for this price this is really a reasonable product I think we did I think we did very long even if you look at this score we did quite well with an LCD screen just looking for improvements what what you could have improved yeah but if people really want speech recognition then they must be prepared to to pay more because it's down to the nation get kids and just stick them in TV and say change the channel but for this prize you cannot I don't think it's not affordable no you should lose the LCD screen probably but I think that's I think the LCD screen is more worth that speech recognition is also more attractive definitely okay what was that yeah yeah so that's the final product without the speakers I guess let's see what was left in the another one yeah we evaluate the products but not general projects what's in for example I thought we were pretty creative and what we created we took the whole new approach of making exchange will cover for example which I thought was pretty creative because it was never never ever listed somewhere favorite channel oh anyways yeah leadership is up to you I mean perhaps I screwed up because I put a speech recognition to do it but that's not for me inside I think we did pretty well as teamwork because it was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime because when I got the when I got the input for the financial results initially of course I wanted to contact you say look this is you're doing the wrong thing you're you're wasting your time now because we're implementing stuff that we cannot afford so it would be better if if there was more communication between that because that's what we usually do either call or email someone so that was too bad it wasn't possible here that's the same thing that I didn't can use using materials that I didn't have so you didn't have or didn't knew what they cost or whatever there was just too little information about what things actually cost and if you could use them so that was a little unclear I suppose I think a smart boy smart boy was pretty cool I think it's a question for design issues my head right very easy just to give your give your thoughts a little yeah it's easier to share them although for actual design I'd say it's a little less time it the response on this that is very bad because it's good to visualize everything but I think the response on should it could be a lot better the digital pen was definitely better to draw my ideas into yeah I'm pretty on that but there's also one problem with this I noticed you have to finish a page before I don't have to no no no you didn't check the finish button that just you just did you copy it or whatever okay I saw that only if you check the notes or press done then then you can then exports the word automatically but it's not necessary to check either one of those two okay but I made you you you can just preview your page in the in the program okay but I made three pages and they were not finished and when the third one was finished I wanted to download it and then it was not possible anymore because you have to close all the minutes the pages before going further okay before starting a new page okay so you cannot work on one on one page at the same time that's not possible okay finish it completely then download it then start anyone yeah that's not very handy let's if you know that's understandable okay and a new idea yeah more communication between between that's the thing I noticed the communication is very more important very important because if you get new information it's essential for other teammates to know that as soon as possible because you would avoid making doing extra work because you were doing extra work now working on the on the speech recognition limitation both on the technical and on the on the design side so I think that could have been better but that's I think it's more of a setting here that you kind of communicate then somewhere else yeah one could also possibly be is a more real-time information base so we can all see yeah I think so unless less spam probably I'm not sure you got spammed as well but I get to spend like every every two minutes there was another email about master classes or something so which were totally useless actually I thought I should probably look into them but they were all useless so I just well I personally did not have that that's probably your look description but I also did not really assume you had that as well is that we finished up the design and then we check the website and then there was just extra information of the five minutes yeah there was a little delay in that yeah I didn't have any more information it's just always the same here so that's that's kind of a email change but not for me so I had no extra information to go and I wouldn't what you give me actually I couldn't do any research myself or that's yeah I could have done a little extra work probably but I was busy enough anyways and any ideas found or is that probably I would say I'm doing half of this anyway I have no clue it's like should if the project is evaluated and it was within budget we should sell a ray bring out the beer champagne okay one more about it I'm sure what we should still do let's see but all your tasks are finished right yeah I have no way you're assistant my coach is being very silent now yeah yeah I asked the the total report you finished up I think we took very little time now because yeah we're agreement everything the design is okay one thing we missed though we never a product name no how about you probably it's better than I think than a serial number Sony TR something or I think of a catchy name I'll be working on this until the beep until the beep show fruit name fruit name or something like that banana remote or something you don't want to remember banana yeah it's the fun it's not yellow because it's not yellow it's not yellow yeah it just curved it yeah well I was going for the RC deluxe but it's not really a catchy name or anything it's more no it's at least it's not something with numbers numbers are so meaningless to the people something with our company name can we do anything about that everything we'll website which will help us out real reaction oh yeah actually the future RC I just step into the future of remote controlling your TV that name or a catchy slogan yeah or control your remote control the real reactor I go for future RC probably something real reactor I don't find that that betta real reactor yeah in real reaction I option this makes me think of different products in a remote control really I'm not sure if we actually you stuffing that's the one option I'm looking for things in the name. So at the first three, that is, should I write the banana down? Sure. I take the banana back. The banana. The banana. The banana. Banana. The triple R. Real reaction. Remote control. Triple R. R3C. Do you mean it like... R3C. R3C. Yeah. You mean it like this? Yeah, the... Real reaction. Remote control. R3C. All right. I got... It should be longer because it's not a product name. It's a... I think it's on a box. Triple R. Doesn't sound... Write a triple... It's like a word. Triple R. See, triple... Triple R. Triple R. R3C. The triple R. See. Yeah. R3C. All right. All right. I'll see. It's... R-C. R-C. I think it's like a language more. Triple R or triple R-C. Like a C right now or a dash in a C. How about do both? Sure if it looks stupid. I think that the R-C together takes away the... The image of... It's a triple... The first one looks like it's a triple remote control. But it's only a single remote control. And it's especially the triple R. That's important. I would react when we vote. Yeah. I would lose the C. Just name it triple R. The triple R-C is not... It sounds like thinking about two different things and combining it. I would just say triple R. Triple R. It sounds like thinking about two different things and combining it. It's not a triple R. Yeah. Not a triple R. It's not a double R. It's not a triple R. Okay, so which one are we going to scratch? Definitely. Banana. Banana. I'd say this one as well. Yeah. The Luke's. I think we're all in agreement. You know how the triple R. Yes, the triple R. Triple R? I think it did a fun. Looks pretty cool. What did you do now? Just like this. It's... It's... Just triple R. Looks... Doesn't look bad. It's short. It's okay. Yeah. So I have to write my report now, I guess. Um... Yeah, so we have everything. We have the product. We have the costs. Oh. We have the possibility of everything. Okay. I think it's a journey. Retired to my layer and finished the... report. What was the short meeting? What efficient though? The boss has always the last one to go home. Probably. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good bye. See you in a minute. Okay. I will write that one. In a word document. Okay. Okay. Could you guys draw me a picture of the file design to put in the cover of the report? Can't we take this one? Otherwise we have to do it all over again. I don't really know whether we can save it as a picture of you. Is it okay if I try? Is it okay with you? Yeah, okay. I will ask you when I need to information. Okay. It has been saving something. But I don't know. I don't know. Oh. Can I say X? X. Export as... Is it on the snap? Okay. Can I not put this? I don't know. My document is the wrong one. I cannot do that. It's a smart one. Maybe it's not on the network of the rest. I don't know. I think so. I wouldn't take that one. That's pity. That means that we have to draw it again. Are you going to do that? Sure. Oh. It's a key to your judgment. You're saying that the g-pad? Yes. That's not. It's safe. Okay. Export to g-pad means okay. Yes. That's correct. Yes. Okay. You can return to your list where the loss is final three questions will be the same. Okay. Okay. No. Oh, it's export. Oh, yeah. Eighth motor. No, no. Okay. Can I see scores? Oh, of course. Sorry. Let's one one two three. Okay. We'll vote to put. Yes. Let's see you later. Yeah. Let's see you later. Yeah. Okay.