 Ovantatitsordid ...drawing or just testing. Da gaat viin ja, van lein. Da alde stress. Just kidding. Aya englisch. Ja, nee. Sotme noi eng. Rake is over. Wooh! Spicy. Spicy. Or all the other presentations. I just put it in the shared folder. Which conceptual or? Yeah, I think so. Yeah, conceptual design or whatever it is. Because I see only my own presentation. No, no, no. Can you go back one? Yeah. Because it has to be PowerPoint, yeah components design. That's it. I just put it in there. He's coming. I did get a bit more done than last time. Because I knew that I didn't have time. So I just copy and paste everything into it. I can kind of paste it into the other folder. You can look at the final report. Because I have to record everything we are deciding and searching. So I'm trying to write it down between everything else. Sometimes I have these pop-ups or these sounds. And there's nothing there. And me too. Also, I don't know how to use PowerPoint. So it takes me forever to get something done. You've got the same problems. Yeah. Yeah. Here we go again. Welcome. We have again three presentations. And then we have to decide on what concepts the mobile phone has to... ...for the remote control has to support. So let's go. Yes. Who wants to start? Me first again or? Yes. Does man. Yeah. All right. Did you open it already or? No. No. Yes. Okay. So welcome to the marketing presentation once again. This time about trend-watching. Well, there has been an investigation again in the remote control market. It shows a number of developments. I will address them in a moment. Fashion watchers have detected the trends for young public, because that's our public. Well, fruit and vegetables will be the most important team for clothing, shoes and furniture. And the field of the material is expected to be spongy. So the developments... I will address them. Oh, yeah. Well, this is the fruit and vegetables. Looks are fresh, bright colors. So to give you an ID. Well, the developments... The development one. Well, the most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look and feel, instead of the current functional look and feel. Well, fancy stands for an original look and feel of the case and the interface. And the second most important aspect is that the remote control should be technological innovative. Well, it stands for the use of technical features that do not exist in current remote controls. I think we pretty much cover that with our screen and speed recognition. So I don't expect that to be a problem. The third development is that the remote controls should be easy to use. Well, the first aspect was twice as important as the second aspect, which was twice as important as the third aspect. So that kind of gives you these ratios. So fancy look and feel is the most important point of attention. So the fruit and vegetables in combination with the sponge material. Well, technological innovation. We cover that pretty much, I guess. And easy to use. I don't think that would be a problem. So my point of attention is especially this part that this will be correct. So that was the marketing presentation. I had only one document. This should I go first? I don't mind. So kind of this. So a small example, kind of this. Nothing about the buttons, but just sponge kind of thing and some fruit and colors. I don't know. Just made a quick design. Cool. All right. You're just using the same. Copartus. Yeah, layout. What now? Yeah, it's okay. You probably opened it. Yeah, true. Yeah, five. All right. So I'm dealing with the components design. Let's see. I used some design examples we had from similar products. And I used possibilities for our manufacturing department about current components, which will have to be implemented in the design. That's why I had to go first. Well, they gave me an idea about what people want. We're mainly focusing on this group, but I want to make the distinction clear. I could not drag the pictures into the slide. So I don't have examples of how it looks like, but it comes down to what you think we should do with the spongy and the fruity looking type. If the young dynamic people want soft primary colors, which looks like fruits, you know, you can shape that are curved and not solid straight lines anymore. So this basically goes on to what you were mentioning earlier. There's a lot of factors involved in choosing the components. There's a lot of options that we have to discuss. For example, the energy source. We have four types, the basic battery. We have a hand dynamo, which we touch, refer to it as the Kniped Cut. The kinetic provision of energy, which means if you move the thing, if you shake it, which will be fun for toddlers, right? And of course, solar cells, but I don't know how we would use that into the design of the actual product. So indoors. Yeah, also in countries where it isn't much light, like in Scandinavia, they wouldn't be able to use it half of the year. So that's not cool either. So for the case, there's the traditional uncarved flat hard case, single curved, which means that it has curves in one dimension or the double curves. I wasn't able to finish my personal preference sheet, but well, in all, we will have to go for the double curved because it's daring and different from what we have now. The case materials, well, we have all kinds of hard materials, like the hard plastic, the wood and the titanium. I would definitely go for rubber because it fits most in what people want to see nowadays. This is a lot of text. I wasn't able to organize this yet. We have several interface designs. We can use scroll buttons for the menus, but we already kind of decided to go for the push buttons for the arrow buttons. So that's not really interesting electronics. Maybe we want to decide on what electronics to use. The advanced chip, I think, is easiest to implement for the production, because they can print it better. I think this is about it. I was working on some personal preferences. I first chose for the battery because I'm traditional, and that's the most obvious easiest choice to go to. But I really think that we should maybe think about the kinetic energy where you have to move the thing to be able to use it. The additional feature. Or combine both with one source of energy. Imagine that the kinetic energy source would be more expensive to make, but it is more long-lasting that people don't have to ever buy batteries again. That is more fun. I always chuck my remote control around. Playing with it, especially when the material is rubber, it can be done. You can't harm it, so it's a perfect combination. It can be scared about bouncing it off the floor and breaking it. That's the end of it. Go ahead. Double curve is like this. No, it means curved in two dimensions. Single curved would be a square box, but then with curved on one dimension, double curved would mean that it would have curved in the eyes. Every direction looks 3D. One very important thing I was thinking about is the speech option. We were going to use that. That's one thing which I'm not sure of how to implement it into the... Well, the official representation is not there with speech. It has to be combined with a menu for functions. I think you can just match the speech commands with the functions that are already present. We don't think you have to design anything. Do the speech just for the basic options for the simple buttons? For everything, also for the funds options. This is our very basic trend design. In the last meeting, we were putting the simple and advanced options separated. Pressing the menu option will disable all other options on your remote control. Only the LCD panel will light up and then you can only change the buttons that you need to control. Design has to be very attractive with that. You have to read this. This is the simple layout display on the upper side with the menu button. Maybe some sort of cancel button or save button. That would be the back. Yeah, back and okay. You did read the minutes, I wrote. You did read the minutes I wrote. A little bit, I think, but not necessarily. Because I pretty much sent up all the buttons there. I didn't read that. I hate doing work for nothing. This is the basic design for the buttons. I wanted to catamarrize everything with speech, display, sound. Everything you know in your minutes. Every push button has its own lead light. You can make it more trendy for younger people. If there are older people, they want it more luxurious. That's also an option. That was it. Okay. I'm again. Okay, so what do we have to do side? What kind of components do we use? Energy source, chip type, case type, and user interface. I didn't see a clear distinction between this. We already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy. The case would be doubly curved. Rubber material. That's the only thing we have left. We need the chip on print to be able to support the screen and audio function. Is that the advanced chip? Otherwise, you would have a simple chip just for pressing the buttons. I'm just thinking this is not my department, but I'm not sure what this is going to cost to be able to do. I didn't get any info on this. We need to sell it for 25 euro or a piece. It's going to be difficult. The cost of making it should be 12.5. I don't know. I didn't get any information about this. We don't produce it in China. Child labor, man. Well, the interface type. It's quite difficult because we haven't got all the options. Do you have a picture of doubly curved case? Could you put it in the group folder? Let me see. If you go to your home page or something. I'm going there now. Get your own information. I got my fresh and fruity picture. You didn't enjoy it yourself. Too last time. Maybe it's the menu I was looking at. Maybe it's easier with an arrow. So that indicates that there's a menu under that menu. Yeah, perfect. That's cool. Maybe it's easier if you guys come over here. This is the standard traditional type where the forum serves the function. It's really basic. But this is more appealing to old people and we don't want that. This is what we're looking for. That means curved in both dimensions. Not only like this, but it has to be. Exactly. It has to be kind of instead of the PlayStation module, it has to be like the GameCube, you know, where your thumb would be laying in the instrument and it has to be nice to hold. It has also to be luxurious for rich people. This looks a little bit like for only children. That's the problem. The dilemma actually, because we want to appeal to the young public with flashy colors and with a lot of shape. And the rubber, it will look cheap always, you know. The colors you can make it, make the colors with the lets beneath the buttons. Press the button and you can disable the core lets for people that don't like it. There is mobile phones in which you can change the color also of the lights. Maybe we should consider this function to customize it. And so I mean kids can make it look more flashy with different kinds of colors and people want something different or more design. They can go for one color. For example, this photo camera. Cool, underwater. Personally I think it's really ugly. Just give me the thing that it's inside there. Maybe I'm too old for this stuff. Yeah. So that's I think, or all my. I am bright colors. This is with the curve that I mean. That's singly curve. Which would be nice. We could make a compromise between that. I don't know if we have the effort. A compromise between what? Instead of doubly carved, we take a single curve. So this will be a single curve. Yeah, this is only in this dimension. Like this. Curve here. Not in the eyes. Exactly. That would be an option. I think that I mean our aim is to make something different. To make something new. I would go for the double curved. And I'm thinking you know a drawing palette where you have the shape for your thumb. So it kind of holds nicely something like that. Well, this is really your decision. You have more options for buttons. If you have it in your hand, you are not only. Yeah, you don't need to want the mention, but you can use other dimensions for pressing the buttons. Yeah, so you can make a trigger button or something like that. Something to shoot at your television. Yeah, or that is the confirmation button or something that you scroll with your thumb, with the arrows, and then confirm. That would be a nice way to use it. I mean, yeah, I'm thinking big already and we need something that you can use in one hand, I think. So from top view looks kind of like this. But from the side you can have it also in a kind of shape. Maybe because the screen is on top, you can have buttons to interface. Maybe you can have this kind of shape, a little upward, so that the screen is more towards yourself. So you can easily see your screen. Oh, wow, you have it in your hand. So it's a kind of an angle from your eyes to the screen. So then you have double, double curves in some way. So this is so the screen is positioned over here. Something like that. And it's more, it's very thick now. Yeah, understand what you mean. How about we do a pop-up screen like the laptop? So that only the simple functions will be feasible at first. Yeah, that you can press it and then it comes up. Yeah, something like that. So you have the side view. But then the side view can be straight if you have a pop-up screen. But I don't know if that's too expensive. Yeah, I want to be able to make this. No, like I would draw it like this. Let's say this is the side view that you have a screen that will come up here and can go down that way. You know what I mean. So that it will come up like that. Okay, so the buttons are on top here and you flip it over that. Yeah, or preferably even keep the simple buttons here. And then under the screen even you can go on more advanced buttons. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, more advanced options for the menu. Yeah, for the LCD menu. Yeah, so to hide them all. Yeah, because you need most of them, the arrow buttons, but you can hide the OK in the back and the menu button also, because when you flip it open, you can maybe even drop the menu button, because maybe if you flip it open it will activate the mode automatically. Activate the mode. So, okay, but you need some button to flip this. Right, open. But you can make a trigger here. Yeah, and it says menu and it flips open, and then you have the buttons to control it. And combination with your... It's not very strong. If you drop it one time... It can go open. Yeah, the idea of it was, is that because you close it, you cover the LCD screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches. And it will be covered in some kind of thin rubber layer. Exactly, exactly. We just have to make sure that the closing mechanism won't break. Oh, it's very solid. That may work. That actually will offer some extra protection for the shape. Yeah, I was thinking, if you have your hand, if this is your... Yeah, the lower part doesn't work, I guess, so maybe you should try it over there. If this is your thumb and this is your hand like that, with your wrist, that it would be kind of shaped like this. So it's easier to hold in your hand to... Yeah, that's a problem. Yeah, of course. Then you would have to... Yeah. To make it like this, like you drew here. And maybe then make this thicker also than the center. I would give it a female shape, but yeah. If you will shape it, if too... Obviously. It could make some more appealing to guys. Yeah, the mouse, which you can change. So if you... Yeah, but that's optional for later, I guess. Yeah, but we have hardware inside, which is... So it has to have some sort of basic shape. And also the screen, you can unmold it. Yeah, so we should better choose one shape. Yeah. But that's kind of the idea, so it lays good in the hand. And then... And then you come on the side with your thumb. You place the screen here, you can use... Yeah, you can use the button. So the key option... And then I would... Sponji? Sponji. I would do the arrows here, kind of thing. Sponji can be raised by yourself. And the simple buttons here. And the control things in the middle. The arrows? Yeah, that's what I mean. The arrows over here. Yeah, and the numbers. Simple. Yeah. All right. I think that... That's a nice design. Pretty nice design. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah, that looks pretty fancy. Or do we want to make a shape look like a banana or something? I don't know. Yeah, it is. And bananas are weird shape and other fruits also. So it's better to have some sort of basic print and then a fruit print in some primary colors. I don't know what colors should the basic print be like. Like some soft green or something or... And then... Oh yeah, dark blue. And then... Should use... And then fairy bright yellow banana or orange, green apple, stuff like that. Yeah, we need very primary colors, like bright red, bright yellow. Yeah, but primary colors we can create with the lights on the... Yeah, yeah, okay, yeah. Yeah. If you make it just... Give it the blue color, then it's just a neutral color, also for the more... Yeah, for the older people. That doesn't really work to draw. Oh, I guess. Oh, what's this? This text. Right. No, you have text. You can also make a line this. Yeah, two hours further. Yeah, thickness. And that's blue. Why not go for the 20? Yeah. That's what I call painting. So that's a dark blue basic color, I guess. Yeah, it's pretty nice. And then... Yeah, with some yellow banana. Banana color. And how about some flashing standby lights? Like, yeah, from the Samsung... Well, I don't like to call brands phones. You know, because I remember from one of our first meetings that people lose there, remote controls often. So not only in the colors of the lights that we want something to keep it feasible at all times or... What do you mean? So, flashing colors, so you can't lose it. Yeah, exactly. I think it's a bit too much, but... Yeah, an orange. Alright, well, this is more like purple, I guess, but... Yeah. It should be more real dark blue, so the contrast with the fruit of Jackson's pretty high. Yeah. So, yeah, this would be a nice device, I guess. Which color suits should I give to the display? I mean, the color of the backgrounds of this play. Well, I don't guess it has to be... 60... 65,000 colors, so... Yeah, too expensive. So, just a blue, blue background or something like that. Green is too old-fashioned, but blue... As long as you use high contrast between the background and the foreground color. So that people with... White background? Black and dark. Dark letters? Yeah. Whatever, which is visible. I know you should test it under... ...on their light conditions, I mean, it's hard to tell. And also for people who are a bit colorblind. Yeah. That's mostly red and green, I believe. Which colors should the buttons be? That's adjustable. Whoa. Why adjustable? All buttons? Yeah. Oh, man. That's how we are going to make it more trendy. Or is it too expensive? Maybe, I mean, they have to... They have to have some color, right? And if the background is very dark blue... Maybe green. But don't we want to make the background the bright colors? So the total thing is very bright. Like the pictures I showed you guys. Those things were all bright red, flashy. So more like... Doesn't work. Where are you at? More like this color. Yeah, something like that, something like that. And then... Then yellow and orange and red objects on it or something. But then again, which color should the buttons be? The press buttons. Should they be white or black or... Red, maybe. And it looks quite cheap. That's the color I think it's not... The green? Yeah, but it's pretty fresh on the other side. It's actually pretty trendy color at the moment. It's trendy, I think. My couch is in that color. Ooh, the Mississippi couch. Yeah. Well, it works pretty well. And then time was up. Oh, thank you. Do you get a pop-up? Yeah, within five minutes. That you have five minutes left or... Yeah, left and then then then then then... So, something like this. That should be pretty nice color. But maybe the buttons... All buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colorblind people. No, this is red and green. But the buttons had their own lights or not. Red and green are actually the easiest to discriminate. Even for colorblind. Yeah. They will see one of each as gray. And if you use green on blue, those kind of colors will look the same. Okay. So, red buttons are okay. I think so. Okay, that's the default setting in the red buttons. Yeah, but I think you need to keep in mind that the lights are just extra light. How do you mean? Yeah. They don't determine the color. Okay, yeah. I think I think... I think about red... Red, red, red, red and blue, red and blue. Oh, that's too busy, I guess. You have a background. Each number is transparent. Yeah. Partly, but you have to print on the number or the sign. So, you can't... You better keep the... You better keep the... The left and the button itself in the same color, I guess. So, just an extra... You can... You can... You can... You can... What we should do... I think is make kind of a see through plastic button with one color lead behind it. Yeah. So, that... The whole button was shine... As the color... And if you think about easy to use buttons, we have to... Well, we have to make it the shape so that it's easy to hold for both hands, but also that you can reach the buttons with your thumb if you hold the machine. No, mean to discourage you. Basically, you two are going to work on Smartboard next 30 minutes to design it. All right. And you will do the evaluation. Of the product, which we don't have yet? So, how should I do that? Yeah, I don't know. Okay. You can't have the meal. Or you... Or you... Send it to me. Or just... Because you are going to design it on this board, right? Yeah, but maybe you can do the evaluation. You don't have to... You've got to evaluate yet, but you can make a procedure which you follow. Yeah, I probably get instructions on that. I have to do that. So, I make another presentation, I guess. Yeah, I know what's going to happen in life. Yeah, so... You have a basic ID. A basic ID. And you two are going to do this. So, we're going to work here on this sketchboard. Yeah. Good. All right. Thanks. Yeah. All right, so that's where... Just make a new page and be creative. Yeah. All right. You have to do it at this moment after. Yeah, you have... 30 minutes. 30 minutes. Okay. Then we have to see something. Yeah. All right. Show to the management. This is basically what we are thinking about. Yeah. Shall we make a new... Yeah. Yeah. Let's just delete all the next... Yeah. Or... Yeah, just... All right. Make a new one. Yeah. All right. I'll just... All right. I'll just... I'll just keep it there. Yeah, okay. Just save it. Yeah. It'll be fine. On the left. So... Yeah. Oh, sorry. You can also use the clip art. Okay. Yeah. That's your color. Draw in paint or something. Okay. So... Okay. Shall we make some outline sketches of the basic shape first? Yeah. Because then off that we can make the user own. Yeah, because I have to focus on the basic look and field design. Yeah. So how it's going to look. And you have to think how we're going to put the screen in it and those kind of things. So if I'm drawing and you think, okay, I'm not going to be able to put a screen in there. I guess I have to put a screen in there. Yeah. And you might not draw in black then for normal sketches. I don't know. You can use your lines. I would. I would. So we kind of want the color shift. So the plastic buttons also help because of their only... How much are good at drawing? During interaction. Excuse me? Well, it's a good thing that the buttons aren't... Well, that there are plastic because then you can light up the light on red when they're usable. Yeah. Maybe you should draw it very large like this. Yeah. This part isn't functioning. All right. How do we erase? Now, our insert text. I know, maybe just start typing. But that's a bit big. You also do the other sides not only in the front side. Yeah, exactly. The side view. Let's make first all the views. The front view. Side view. I thought for the side view that the base exception would be rather... A bit thicker than the middle where you're holding it because your fingers have to fit underneath. It might be very small. Maybe you're signed at the meeting and over again. Exactly, but the upper side has to be a bit more like that, I think. Yeah, just play. Yeah. The display we put in here, the basic functions and here where it's most reachable. The arrow functions. Exactly. Oh, this is hard. But I don't have to draw it exactly, do we? No, it's... It's okay. Let me try it one more time. Maybe if it's easier if I draw it in one. Of course, it will become way more ugly. You can make it larger. Maybe it's easier to draw. It's fun to work with this pen. So larger. And then the basic I think. Yeah. So... Five minutes left before the meeting ends. Okay. Other views? All right. Only if you're going to put buttons on the side of the unit. Yeah, it's a question. Let's fill in the buttons later. So this is going to be from the... Is this from the side? Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Because the screen goes up like that, right? So then it's like this. It's convenient because then you have to screen like this. And you look like the... It's better to have it somewhat like this. Or does it flip the idea? Or does it have to flip to here? Maybe it's easier to integrate the LCD screen just into this bubble. Okay. Because it doesn't have to flip then. Because of space for making an LCD. It's better to have this like this, I guess. And then flip it like this. But why do we need to have flipping? You can adjust the angle to which it flips. So it can also flip it up to there if you want. So yeah. But we still keep the flipping mechanism. Thanks, huh? Yeah, we keep the flip. And because I think it will feel weird if you would make this smaller or something that I don't know. The shape is okay. But yeah. I don't see why we shoot used the flipping mechanism. Yeah. I thought it would be cool. Yeah, but maybe we should then... Because we have enough space. Here we got the basic functions. Yeah, they are the middle. Shouldn't we integrate it? And then... Like... Oh. Dude. Come on. So this is the shape. Oh. It has a... Yeah, it's not working. It doesn't aim so well. Okay, but the screen is a bit lower because if it falls on the other side, it doesn't fall on the screen. So there's a layer of rubber on the sides. Definitely. So no flipping. No flipping or no flipping. You wanted the flipping. Yeah, I guess, but I mean most folks count, right? If you drop it, it just breaks. And it has to be very strong because of the... Throw in the kinetic. You better make it... You better make it like this. Yeah, if you go for the banana. For the children, it's for people not 16 years. They're responsible enough to have a mobile phone. They should be with their remote controller. Yes. Yeah? Well, I'm just thinking totally different designs also. Remember that the weird pocket phone thing here, which looks like kind of a game boy. They will shit try something like that. I had thought up a name for our product. Yeah. It's called the real remote. Ooh. All right. Copyright sign of the real. Yeah. All right. I like it. Maybe you can include that somewhere. Yeah. We should work in our own room, right? Oh, yeah. We have to include that in our design as well. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. How's that? Okay. See you two half an hour. Okay. Good luck. Yep. Okay, that's a side. Ah, it's okay. Do we want options on the other side with the buttons? Yeah. Or I just think we do. Could make a volume button scroll. Yeah, or also scrolling for them. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. We kind of wanted to stick with the... Yeah. No. I'm just thinking if we want to make something different, right? So with this scroll is more futuristic than the standard arrow buttons. Yeah. I think... Yeah, you are going to design it, so...