 Hi guys. Hi. Hi. Is she my bunny still standing? Yeah. All enjoying it. Yeah. I figured don't do that much. I mean, please my laptop is... Yeah. There we go. Thank you. So welcome back at the functional design meeting. The plan is that each one of you, it's not me, but only you, will present the things you worked on the last half hour. I will take minutes and we'll put the minutes that I have at the end of the session in the shared folder. Also the minutes of the previous session are also in the shared folder now, so you can read that now or afterwards. I had an email from the management board. I don't know if you also received it, but there were four points, which I think are very important. First one is they think that teletext, teletext, becomes outdated and internet will be the main focus. Second one is also important because it's one of the discussion points of the previous session. The remote control should only be used for the television, so it's not going to be a multi-purpose remote control. That's one thing to keep in mind. Second, and I think that's important for the marketing expert. The current customers are in the age group of 40 years and older, but with this new remote, they will... would like to reach a group younger than 40. And a thing to keep in mind, but not really for now, is that they want the slogan and the logo to be recognized more in the remote. So we have 40 minutes, so I think not more than 10 minutes per presentation each. And please use all the facilities that you have in the small box, whatever you want. Tim, can you start? Okay, yeah. Okay, welcome. I have some new findings on marketing expert level, which I will show you. The method I used was giving orders to our usability lab to do a questionnaire. 100 respondents were involved. And my marketing department generated a report with a lot of results. These were a couple of findings for a spade of three. We have three audiences of two audiences. I'm sorry. The first one, this skill, from 16 to 45 years and age. The second one is from 64, of 46 to 65. As you can see here, the market chair for the first audience is about 60%, 65. The second audience is 35%. And some interests from the age groups. It seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy new technology stuff, like an LCD screen on the remote control speech recognition. I don't think that's really appropriate. And when you see the audience, the ages going up, they don't really want it anymore, at least the new technology. Second findings out of the questionnaire, are the opinions of the audience about current remote controls. First point is 75% of the users find the most remote controls very ugly. And 80% of the users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. So that's maybe something for the user interface design. Third findings, according to a frequency of use versus importance in investigation. Following buttons are most important. I will tell something about the way this test was done. The persons were asked what the buttons were, they used most, how much in hour. And in the second table, the importance of those buttons. When you multiply them, you get these three points. Switching channels, yeah, it's pretty normal. That's what you do with a remote control. The second, data text and the third volume controls. I think it's good that we know what the user wants. At least these three points have to be very clear. But it's strange that the management board said that the data text will be outdated by the Internet. Yeah, okay. That's strange. Yeah, okay, but at the moment, data text is the best thing you can get on TV, like getting information. So when you ask people what do they use, they use data text and not Internet or remote control. That's really decadent. That's a new technology, but it's not incorporated right now. Okay, my personal preferences. I think we should aim at the audience from 16 to 45. First of all, it's the biggest share, the biggest audience, 65%. Second, I think you will get the most revenue from it. Yeah, people from 16 to 45 watch a lot of TV more than people who are elder. Second point, we have to improve the most use functions. As I said here, switching channels, the text and volume controls. Third point that came out of the questionnaire, people used to get lost of the remote control. So maybe it's an idea for us to design a kind of placeholder, a sign of the TV where you can put the remote control in. That's about it. I think. Yeah. When you mentioned improving functions, what do you mean by that? Not the functions, but the functions came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used on a remote control. So you can have a remote control full of buttons, hundreds of buttons, but if you don't use them, it's so focusing more on the use buttons. They have to be on it just to get it done if necessary. But the most used buttons have to be bigger or. Could you use perhaps one button for multiple functions? Make example pressing it in longer, make it switch to a different function. Just for the mining functions perhaps. Yeah, perhaps. Just not yet. Just to get the last buttons on the remote control to make it easier and quicker to learn. Okay, that's it. Thank you, Tim. Yeah, yeah. Right. All we expect a bit about working design about the project. Well, what I did was I dissected current remote controls and I've seen how they looked, how they worked, what kind of components are involved, and how they are connected together. And after that, I put up a scheme about how these things are organized. And I'll show it to you in a few seconds. And I'll explain a bit about how it works and how we could build one and why I think several possibilities that we discussed in the earlier meeting falls off. Right. Well, what I did was I checked remote controls and the remote controls of today are all infrared, like you all probably know. And the thing about that is the remote controls have to access a TV or a stereo or something. And those have a transmitter that's also focused on infrared. So if we want to build a remote control with Bluetooth, for instance, then the TV should have Bluetooth to in order to communicate. So that would mean extra cost for the user and that wouldn't mean a cheap remote control for us. So that's probably why most controls are still infrared. Furthermore, they all have very simple structures that would probably mean lower costs and that could mean for us a good thing. Because well, we should be able to build relatively cheap remote. Well, as I mentioned, radio waves and Bluetooth, well, it may be possible, but I figured it wouldn't be possible within our budget, but that's not for me to decide, but that's maybe something from marketing to look into. Because my personal opinion is not to do Bluetooth or radio waves, although... What do you think about incorporating Bluetooth or radio receiver in the place or next to the TV connected to the TV? Yeah, actually, it's an our own product. Yeah, I actually figured that would be, that would be very nice. But then you still have the infrared function. So, and very you would actually just move the problem. But what I did think about was when you mentioned about the couple is why not introduce a speech function like where is the remote? If somebody says where is the remote, then it goes beep, beep, beep, beep, or something. I don't know, maybe, maybe something to look into. I don't know what the cost for that, something like that would be. But it may be, maybe something to explore. I'll just explain a bit of the components. First, you have the energy source. The energy source would be a battery-simple battery that you could find anywhere. I figured that would be best because when the battery stops functioning, we could just use, could just go out and buy a new one. So we don't have to do all to be too complicated about that. The energy source is connected to the infrared button. But the infrared button works only via the chip and the subcomponents to the switch. There is a switch between these. When the switch is pressed in, on this case, the switch is a button. When the button is pushed in, the electric current goes through here. And immediately a bulb lights up, displaying to the user that something has happened. The user won't be thinking, well, the button will be pressed, what happened? I pressed the button, but nothing is happening on the TV. So it's something wrong or something. So that's just to explain to make it clear to the user. The signal goes via a chip that is translated into electronic signals and then it's processed and then it's sent to the infrared bulb where it will be received on receiving end. And that's interpreted by the device, on this case, television. Well, my personal preference is, well, we have to keep it simple, not too many gadgets and functions. Just like you said, the most users, you have a lot of buttons and you usually don't use them. Why should we invent or spend more time on those? I think we should stick by with infrared transmitting and no receiving, so no input from the television. So I think we shouldn't be spending time on teletext and things like that. Because when you want teletext on infrared, you have to build in a receiver too. And so in order to receive the signals from what's on TV and such. So I figured that would be spending too much money and time and... Yeah, maybe another problem. I think current TVs can even send. Yes, but should we... I agree with you, but should we spend money and time on building a receiver into the remote control? Because that would be extra components, extra designs, larger remote control. These are all stuff that we have to take into account. My personal opinion is no receiver at all. Well, we should look into the design and the functionality. Like I said, use one button for instance for multiple functions or just hide a few buttons or switching it open or something. Use all the stuff. And don't overbuild. We shouldn't make big remote control for simple functions, but we should stick to the basics. So that was my personal opinion. And that was my presentation. Okay, thank you, Ganes. Yes, I can go ahead. Thank you, Ganes. You have plenty of time. I'll clean and I don't talk for 10 minutes. So take your time. If you take your time too long, I will eventually warn you. Well, I'm going to give a presentation about some of the technical functions of these design and usability functions. What's my opinion about? What's most important to combine the design, technical possibilities and use of friendliness in one? So if you go into design and remote that looks good, it shouldn't weigh over the, if it's possible to make of course, but also use friendliness. So that's some of the main points. And another one is the use of many functions will make it more difficult. So use as little functions as possible or at least don't display them all at once on the same remote if you have 50 functions. You don't want 50 buttons to be shown at the same time. It's when you visit an internet site, you don't want 50 links to see but maybe use a high-orca structure. And well, one of the ideas was maybe use touch screen but I don't know how far it's possible since we are sticking to infrared and the remote cannot receive anything. But we might consider that. Well, of course, I hope this is all clear to you. If you can use remote like this with all the functions and many functions but well, your thumb is a little bigger than it. Then this year to be very careful. Watch your push. And if you're looking for tele-text, you'll be searching for half an hour from, well, where is it? I guess when you have to use something else. So this keeps simple. Make clear buttons. Easy to use. For example, if you want to use a play and back and stop, that's very important. Well, this was because of our last discussion if multiple machines are used, create easy switch between the machines but it's no longer applying. Well, yeah, I prefer to use it only for TV and not to give too many options. And if possible, the buttons should give direct action. Not first select. You just had to combine more functions in one. So you want to keep it simple. But I think that if you want to do that, then you can't escape the fact that there will be buttons which give more options than one. But you have to wait and see how to do. We want to use a few options and might not be so original or multipurpose as we thought. Or do we want to use many buttons? Yes. Win those factors. It's maybe an option if you use an LCD or touch screen. That in the middle are the main keys like display on a... Yeah. Yeah. This? No? Yeah. Something like this. Okay. Just in the middle, the general functions like play channels reaching. And then at the top or at the bottom, some menus like settings or you can drop down. Yeah. Another question I had, do we want to use a menu display on a TV or have to everything be in remote? If you use a memory display on a TV, you can simply push a menu and then select the options you want to have and press OK. So that's my recommendation. If you use many options in one button, display the menu on a TV and use two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times or five seconds. It's too complicated for most users. I think so too, but and that's partly because a lot of TVs have different menus and when you have a particular menu at your device, it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on TV. Yeah. There will be a problem. Well, you asked around keep in mind that several TVs don't even have a menu structure or they have a very simple menu structure. So you have to keep in mind that not all our mode won't be able to work on all television. Yes. And that would be a considerable problem. We have to stick with current technologies and... Well, yeah, the restrictions of what's on the market today. You should keep it at this. Use big, clear buttons, not too many. So maybe we'll lose a few options, but I think this is more important. Especially the important buttons. If you want to switch channel, change your volume. You still have text. It has to work at once and more advanced options may be put it somewhere away on the remote behind. Yeah, but then you want to touch screen. You know, it could make more menu up for post-production. Yeah, if you want to put TV on standby or change the channel that should always be possible to do not first change menu options or switch something. Well, yeah, as you already told, give some feedback. If the user is pushing about and you should know if the television or at least remote is reacting and not just the batteries maybe low. And well, my conclusion is less. It's more keep it simple. So maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to keep it accessible. Because you all know if there are a lot of function on the television, some you all never know and never use. And therefore it's important if you want to change the volume or the channel that is always accessible and easy and other functions that are not so important. Well, we should consider just not using them or at least putting them somewhere on the remote where they're not in a way for the most important function. I think the idea about touch screen is very good because recently I saw a news item on TV about new telephones for older people. And they have touch screen with really big pictures on it like a call hang up. And that's a big advantage, I think, because on the one end you make the remote control compatible for older users just by scaling up the pictures or something. It's a very visual antenna. What was I to say more? Maybe the snobs. Keep the primary buttons visible and make a remote that fits easily in the hand and for some design issues, put a logo on it and maybe use it in some aesthetic form. But the important buttons make them always accessible and pushable and clear and maybe use a touch screen or if that will become too difficult, just like some older telephones use, maybe it's possible to flip them open and just expand the number of options that are normally visible. But if you picked the left idea, then what's going to be displayed on a touch screen? Extra functions. When you use system functions or teletext functions and you just choose one, then all the options will become available and you just scroll through them. It wouldn't be better to just make one big touch screen. I want one small touch screen, Apple and I'll just make let's say 15 buttons on it and we're free of those. Actually just menus with sub menus or sub items or functions. If you want to make a proposal, if you make one big touch screen, use the same concept as for you. Keep the buttons always available and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest. I like the iPod idea that we just saw. You just have a few selected buttons and a few menus. With this idea you could actually make several. You can also improve later on. Yes. I think that would be great. You think it will be better to have a total touch screen. I would actually go. I agree, but I think it's very important that always make the same buttons accessible. So use just for special options a part of the touch screen. So an all-o designer picks up the other parent or a parent picks up the remote from the little child. Who is all in the system function? You have to have the possibility to turn off the TV or switch to channel without using all the menu structures to get back to the primary function. I had another idea about maybe parental control, like building in some kind of pin code, which allows parents to switch to all channels. But children don't know the pin code. They can switch to violent channels. That is possible. Well, that actually depends on the television. But I think that would be just a simple login. The thing is when you buy remote, you set the channels. The channels are different on each television. They are set in a preset order. So if you lock on a remote, let's say channel 15, well, channel 15 on this television is different than channel 15 on another television. That would be actually the main control. I think that means that maybe by some option, make sure that the remote control and TV match. And then after that, you can use some inserts and passwords as being a parent that the children cannot use. Change the settings of the TV, like color and volume. And add that kind of stuff. But maybe if you log in first as a parent, you address the channels. And like, oh, this channel 15, that's a violent channel. My kids, I don't want my kids to worse, yeah? Then you set the priority to only parents. For example, but make it a separate option in the menu. But it's a separate format. Yeah, that's just a separate here. That's an added future. But let's not go too wide about those things. It's an idea, but I think that's later in the stage. I have one little question about a total touch screen or a partial. Because I think L-Rick people may be not used to a touch screen. So they want the normal functions like tailored sex volume changing to be kind of traditional. And the other functions, the more difficult functions, to be maybe on a touch screen. But to keep this as normal as possible, to keep it accessible. And then you display it on an LCD screen with really big numbers. You can display it on a different style. Just a different style. Yeah, I do agree. Well, it's just not the same when you touch a touch screen or when you touch a button. But if I were to look at what target audience, we are aiming for younger people. Yeah, they chose below 40. That's probably... And those young people, yeah, you saw it in my marketing report. They like the new fancy stuff. The touch screen, like Microsoft already developed something like that for multimedia applications. I think we can do that too. Okay, as you can see, the minutes from the second meeting, this one, are done. I've added this four things from the management board just to keep in mind. Each time I had a summary on what you told and what you personal think. So that can be read out a few things. I noticed where... The main points in this meeting is I think how it's going to look. We must keep it simple, but have the opportunity to have more options and have them hidden or something. So you don't have a big thing full of other buttons. And the point that you want to use one controller for... Happen to be each telephishing. So you must... The functions, like the menus or the parental control, must be done by the remote control or not by the telephishing. I think that's the point where... We just have some of them. The menus are now identical for all TVs. So you have to display them on a TV. And you use... How do you call it? Synchronize the remote and the TV. That's not possible. There's always possibilities to change the color and brightness and the volume. And maybe you can look out if there are options that are remote. And as a memory, you can see what kind of TV it is. Oh, it's a Phillips business in that. And then give the options that are capable. Yeah, but you have an international market range. I think all the other... Well, they're all in the virtual remote. And they all have functionality for all TVs. So this can be an extra feature to incorporate the menus. It's not too complex to do it. Well, they all have to be programmed to fit your TV. And that is a bit of a tricky job. They are kind of troublesome. But the thing is, when you start building something like this, you have to build a receiver into the remote. Because in order for the remote to process something from the TV, like to Synchronize, you have to send and to receive. And that's why... Oh, no, no. No, you can just... You can just build a... He means just one other thing. With the current remote controls, the universal ones. You have to press encodes. You have to press a code for the TVs. You look up, I have a Phillips H55. It says press code 455. When you press code 455, you'll be able to remote and display all your menu options. Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. Now we just connect the TV type to a set of options. Just in a memory. So if you like profile, so that if you touch in like 1410, kind of TV, the memory pops up the options. Yeah, that would be possible. I don't think that takes a lot of storage space. No, that wouldn't be... The firewall. If you look at the menus from Universal, there are maybe three, four hundred TVs at maximum. If you have all of them, all the old NU TVs summed up, so I think it is possible. But on the other hand, we have five minutes to go. On the other hand, if you have a remote, a VINU TV that isn't incorporated in a remote. Well, then you have to buy new ones very good from what? New remote? Maybe or an update software update? firmware, right? firmware. firmware. That's from where? Maybe... That's maybe the cup holder. Maybe we can incorporate some kind of USB or a fire wire connection so that you can connect it to the PC and download the newest firmware from the Internet. Well, not everybody has a PC at home. Well, the most people have, but not everybody can go back to the shop and like it's kind of service-entering. Yeah, maybe something like that. You can download it for you. Or you could actually look at the placeholder you talked about earlier. And you could probably make a connection to a telephone line or... Well, all the way to the digital information is sent to the standard TV connections. You can see what program is on on the new channel. So maybe we can send that information along with the standard TV. Well, then you'd be back to the building and receiving it. Yeah. If it's actually worth it to build a thing, we could actually look into it. But I don't know. It would be bringing more cost for a Wi-Fi with it. Yeah. I think it's... Most cheap or cheapest to just do the updates at the service center. Yeah, that would be nice. At the shop. Yeah, I think something like that. It's great to be by TV. It's not a lot of work. Just one docking station where you put it in, press start, blink-bink, update it. Yeah, that would be best. Yeah. You don't buy a TV every week. No, no. It's just a small thing. It's just a small thing. Yeah. For which one are we going? That's for that one. My vote goes up to right here. Your vote? My vote. Yeah. Okay. Your vote? Well, I was doubting about which one to take, but if convinced me that if you display buttons about the same as they would look on a normal remote or LOL people will know what to do. And also like clapping, like the vice at the open shop. It's also too difficult. Not too difficult. Maybe it's easier to break it. Break it. I don't know. That it. It's very sensitive. Like my telephone, it's sensitive. Okay, well, it's almost at the end. We have now a lunch break. Finally. Yeah. After the lunch break, it's back to individual work. Once again, 30 minutes. I will put my minutes. I have updated them. So they're updated in the shared folder too. 30 minutes. 30 minutes. 30 minutes. The specific instructions for the next meeting you will all receive at the email. I don't think I can say much about it. Wait for your email and hopefully you get done in the 30 minutes. We'll see you after the lunch break in the 30 minutes. One question. How late do we have to get back? Be back here. Well, 30 minutes. Of course, it's a one. Yeah. 30 minutes lunch break. 30 minutes lunch break. Okay. 45? Yeah. Well, then would it be one o'clock? Yeah. Well, we ask our personal coach. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. It was very good session, I think. We're responsible to store this on shared documents, right? Well, save ass. Yeah, because all things are stored in smartboard.exdk. And that's in. You can open it from your laptop. You save it as an image. Yeah, maybe. Save ass. I can't. Maybe an export function. Well, I can, I can HTML. No, and use the image if possible. Huh? Image? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's a paper size A4. One screen size. This. Yeah. The directory. No. Oh, yeah. It's not connected today. You all have to have the question area again about the de-aftertool work. Yeah, it is connected. It's connected? Yeah. I think so. That's good. No. Well, just saved in my documents. Yeah. Yeah. I only have a few questions. Yeah. You all have to have the question area again about the de-aftertool work. Yeah, it is connected. It's connected? Yeah. I think so. That's good. Huh? No. I'll just save it in my documents. Yeah. AMI on messenger? Yeah. Perfect. Exactly. Yeah. It gives a NATO. Yes. Okay. Nice. Thank you. The question area filling in with Philog after lunch, huh? Well, it's simply filling. Oh, no. It's also filling out. No, I do it after lunch. I'm hungry, so I do it after lunch. I'm hungry, so I do it after lunch. I'm hungry, so I do it after lunch. Yes. Thank you all. Thank you. You're welcome. You can leave the PC on, I think. Yeah. I bring it to my personal room. Exactly. My executive big room with the painting. All right. Yes. All right. Yeah. Yeah. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you