 Just received a little beep. I don't know what it was. Okay. Not good afternoon. This is our third meeting already. I hope you enjoyed your lunch. I did. Anyway. Presentation 3. Okay. This is the second phase. We're going to discuss today. That's the conceptual design meeting. And a few points of interest in this meeting are the conceptual specification of components, conceptual specification of design, and also trend-watching. These are hopefully the points you addressed in your presentations. You are going to show me in a few minutes. But first, I'll show you the agenda. First, the opening. Then we have three presentations. After that, we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts. How are we going to make it? And then we're closing. We have about 40 minutes. So I suggest let's get started. Did someone encounter any problems during the preparation? No. Everything fine? That's nice. Then a little thing about the last meeting. These are the points we agreed on. The requirements and the target market. The requirements are data text, docking station, audio signal, small screen, with some extra button information. We're going to use default materials. Does somebody have any comments on these requirements? Maybe. These are just the things we thought of. So maybe if you figured something else or thought of something else, just let me know. Maybe you can work it out. And we're going to target the 62 to 80-year-old customers. So now I've already noticed what we're doing. And I suggest let's get started with presentations. So we keep the same lineup as last time. Sure. Okay. I'll start off then. Good luck. Okay. I'm going to inform you about the trend watching I've done over the past few days. We've done some market research. We distributed some more on-cats, questionnaires. And besides that, I deployed some trend watchers to Milan in Paris to, well, get hold of the news trends. And I've consulted some additional trend watchers after the original trend watchers return about what the best design would be. Okay. These are some overall findings. Most important thing is the fancy design. The research indicated that that was by far the most important factor. Inovitiveness was about half as important as the fancy design. By inovitiveness this means functions which are not featured in other remote controls. About half of half as important as the inovitiveness was the was easy to use. For our group, we're focusing on the people of 60 to 80 years old. This is, these factors are slightly more equal. Okay. These are some more group specific findings. The older people prefer dark colors. They like recognizable shapes. And familiar material and our surveys have indicated that especially wood is pretty much the material for older people. This is, this image will give you a little bit of an impression about the look and feel that the remote you have. This leads us to some personal preferences. The remote control and the docking station should blend in the room. So this would mean no eye catching designs. Just keep it simple and well, the docking station and the small screen would be the main points of interest because this would be the inovitiveness in the remote control. So this would be very important that we at least include these features. Well, the trend watchers I consulted advise that it should be the remote control and the docking station should be telephone shaped. So you could imagine that the remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station. This is not really, this is pretty much a new shape to older people. So they would prefer a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station. So it would be kind of more telephone shaped. Besides that, we would advise to bring two additions, one with a wood like collar and maybe feel. And one with a gray black collar, the wood like for the more exclusive people, people with more money. The gray black collar for, well, people with less means. That would be all. Okay, thank you. Any questions about the trends? No. Okay, we're going to the next one. Okay. Yeah. That's some of my research about designing of intfates. Last meeting we had about using a few bit. That's what I want to do in our design. Finding a directive way to control the remote control. I found something about speech reconation. Maybe we can use that. And using a little display. Findings. Just, you have just a focus on the primary functions. We have only a button for sound, for on off shifting up a can in the channel or down shifting ground. Let's see. We need some new interactive functions which attract people for using it. So it's like a speech reconation and a special button for selecting a subtitle. Just what we mentioned last meeting. And overall, use a friendly using large buttons. It's possible to make a quite cheap system for speech reconation. You can think about when you lost your remote control. You can call it a signal. And for shifting up a channel or for putting out the sound or something, you can just give a sound off. And the television of the sound off. I was thinking about a special button for subtitles. Just one button. You get a small subtitles. Double push. You get big subtitles for people. You get small subtitles. We have to keep in general buttons. The buttons we have to use. The sound is higher and lower. The numbers are 0 to 9. And the general button, one button for shifting down a channel. Also, we want to use a little display for displaying the functions of the buttons. We can build in a function which shows the channel or which the television is on. We can put a little picture of it. We can put an off button in this corner. Almost all remote controls are using an off button on that place. So people will recognize the buttons. This display, or just a small display, we can put it on top. Most place where people most often look. And special button for shifting up and shifting down a channel. On the place where the thumb, you can easily shift up or shift down quite a neat place. And a lot of functions for subtitle, one button for sound. And overall design, we have to discuss about the form of it. Thank you. For the energy source, we can use a basic battery or as an optional thing, a kinetic energy. Like in a watch which you just shake and it produces energy. But if we choose for that option, the ducking station would become obsolete. So I don't think it's really an option. For the casing, the manufacturing department can deliver a flat casing. Single or double curved casing, it's really up to the design that we're going to use. It doesn't imply any technical restrictions. As a case supplement, I thought of that later. A rubber belt like an anti-slip. For the buttons, we can use plastic or rubber. And the chip set. It's as simple here, but it should be advanced because we're using an LCD screen. And as the trend watch presentation showed, people like wood, but it raises the price. And it doesn't really fit the image unless we would start two product lines. The form should follow function overall. Well, the kinetic energy source is rather fancy, but depends on what we want. I think we should discuss that. For the case, the supplement and the buttons really depends on the designer. And the chip set really should be advanced because otherwise, it would really be a simple remote control. That's it. Thank you. So that brings us to the discussion about our concepts. Okay. So these are the points we have to discuss. First, I think we can talk about the energy source since it has a pretty big influence on production price and image. So I think first of all, we have to see it is possible to introduce kinetic energy. Yes, we do. There are four options. We could use the basic normal battery. A hand dynamo, but I don't think that's really an option. You don't want to swing before you can watch television. Solar shells, but not every room is very light, so it's not a very good option or the kinetic energy. Yeah. Okay. And how exactly does the kinetic energy work? Well, you basically shake your remote and then it powers up. Yeah. Well, personally, I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it. Yeah, that's true. And besides that, you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete. And I think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we could get great popularity for a product. What's the function for allowing up the batteries? Yeah, you could load up the batteries. You could insert the, find the lost remote control function in there. I don't think so. But I won't use much energy, I believe. It's just a small display. I believe it will run on one battery for six months or more. I believe one battery is just enough. Well, I think elderly people just like to have everything in place. And I don't think they like remote just laying everywhere in their rooms. So maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place. And also what you said, you can introduce a voice recognition by finding back your remote. But I think it's more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station. So you have a button on your docking station which you can push and then it starts beeping. And then we can still use the voice recognition but maybe then for only the channels. What will the voice recognition mean for the production price? Yeah, that's a good point. I don't have any informational pricing so I'll have to ask the manufacturing department. Because in our earlier market research, if you'd allow me to push your flatboard. Go ahead. So it was open here. We also ask if people would pay more for speed recognition in a remote control. Like you can see here, our target group would not do that. So if they would increase the price for which we're selling or remote control, I would greatly advise not to do it. I think there would be better to insert in our other product that is meant for the younger people. But that would also go for the LCD screen then I guess. It's a bit higher percentage. Well, this is, yeah, but this is, here the question was, would you prefer it? So that doesn't really mean they wouldn't pay extra for it. And on top of that, the LCD screen would help in making the remote control easier to use. I think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use. No, I think that's a good point. But it's a rich here about a large LCD display or just a small one we want to use. Well, this was for like an LCD screen like you would have on the most advanced mobile phones. So pretty large. I personally think the LCD screen we want to use with the extra information. I think nobody has anything against it because it's just some extra information. It's easy to ignore as well. So if you don't want to use it, you just don't use it. And yeah, I think maybe we have to discard the voice recognition because it will increase cost significantly. And I don't think it will be a lot easier to use as well. So that brings us back to the energy if we don't have voice recognition. It will avoid you with a lot of energy to use. So in that case, we could use kinetic energy. But I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good and much cheaper as well. And that's the best choice. Okay, let me choose for the battery. That brings us to the chip. Well, there isn't any choice there because we're using the display. So it's got to be advanced. Okay. That's what's fun. Chip. And then we get to the point of the case. Which brings us a little bit back to marketing as well. If you want to choose for wood or the black and gray or both. As we saw, there is not, yeah, wood is a lot more expensive to produce. But I think it will attract elderly people when I have something exclusive. Which they can show off to their grandkids. I've got a new remote control. I think the most important factor there is the wooden collar. So it wouldn't actually have to be wood. Yeah, it's just. That's right. Wood colored. But wood collar was a lot more expensive. I don't know. I don't know. I'll have to wear. I think so because it's a lot more difficult to handle and to get in the right shape. Is it possible to make a changeable case? So you got it with mobile phones. Like Nokia mobile phones. When you can change the case of it. Maybe it's possible. Possibility. So you have just to make one standard remote control. And you can sell the case. Yeah. I think that's a very good option. Because then you can advertise as well with the... Give your grandfather a new case for his remote control or whatever. Because it's something extra. It's something other remotes don't have. Which we can get a greater advantage. So then you can make a wood collar, black and gray. We would have to look carefully into the design though. Because we would have to make one control which would fit in with a wooden cover or a plastic cover. Yeah. Or a original one. Or a standard one. Yeah. So you suggest we should design two different telephones. Oh, which you can supply. Yeah, remote control. Which you can apply different case covers. Well, no, I think so. We should then just design one remote. But it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one. Okay. So, but that shouldn't be too much of a problem. So everybody is okay with the changing covers? That's a thing. That's a good option. Changing case covers. I heard our industrial designer talk about flat single and double curved. Could you explain it a little more? Well, the general, like most older remotes are flat, just straight. And are the manufacturing department can also do they have single curved or double curved cases? And would single curved and double curved mean? It would just only affect the form for as far as I know. So it's really just up to the design department what we're going to use. It doesn't really matter for the price or the functionality. So we can pretty much just pick one we like. Okay. That's good. But the form has to be, it has to be possible to stand up or just only to lay down. And the cover of the docking station is also on top of the television then. So it's not going to be a little bit more precise. And you can just, yeah, click it in. That's okay. So the interface, what type of interface do we want to use? Maybe you can make a little drawing of it on the board. So ideas for a forum where we can just use the regular forum of it. It's not quite fancy. You said you wanted to put the changing channels button on the right side so your thumb would be easily... Well, I think that was a very good point because I pointed out earlier that a lot of remotes cause RSI. So that would be great for that. I thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side. For left-handed users. Yeah, also. Yeah, it's possible to program it. So you got on the left side or on the right side buttons for shifting or pins shifting up. And on the other side buttons for shifting for the sound. Well, that could... Yeah, we could do that. But I'm not sure if that would be very good for the ease of use. Use a few. Yeah, ease of use will be a lot more difficult than that. But we would make changing channels and changing volume button on both sides. So it would certainly yield great options for the design of the remote. Cause it could be made all symmetrical and stuff. Yeah, but you have extra buttons so people can get confused. Yeah, that is true. Especially if they have the same writings on it. Or you have to make a left... Can't we make a remote which you can flip over and use on the same functions as the normal one? You mean... Let's see. Blank one. Then you get... Here's a little LCD screen. No, I have to think. It's a plus and a min. No, it's not very handy, I think. Because the plus and a min will be opposite and more kinds of... No, that's not going to work. I guess. Maybe it's... Yeah. But is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand? I think the functions are that basic that nobody should have any problems with. Choosing a channel. That's true. It's just using your thumb. I think we could just leave it in normal shape. But maybe we have to make it a bit more fancy in one or another way. I think we should start by choosing a case because that's the basis you're building on. So I could draw them out. Let's get the flat case. From the side, so this is rather normal. The single curved, so I'm not really sure what they're going to look like, but I think it's something like this. So this type should be better for you or better. Should prevent. Rebet it to straight injury a bit. And the double curved looks something like this, I guess. So those are the three options we have. Okay. I should just... the single curved because maybe the curve is pretty good to put the screen in. So that elderly people can use the remote control and at the same time look easily at the screen because it's a bit of an angle. You say this. You got a curved... I believe. So you want to put this play over here? No. Yeah, thanks. But now it can make... Do you have an upside down or... That's a top. That's a top. Maybe it's possible to make this side like... See... Color... To make this side... Right color. A bit like so in the form of your hand. So the remote control... Lay in your hand. So get your mouse. And put the buttons for changing the channel over here. That's a good one. But I think it's better to put the screen on top. So just flip it 180 degrees and run. And you get... That's about here. If you can have this one you turn it like this and then flip it upside down. I don't know. Because maybe your hand is in the way if you have to display here. It's more logical to have it on top as well. Like on your mobile phone. It's always a ball. Yeah. Maybe you should just start on a blank page. So then we get... Here's the curve. Here the display and the buttons. And then we can... I'm a little bit off here and here maybe. Just that's for left hand and right hand users. And then the rest of the buttons over here. On the off button, still on the top. Yeah, still here. And I prefer the corners to be round. Yeah. A bit more friendly. A bit more friendly on the eye. Okay. Supplements. That's okay. That's very nice. Then... We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use. So now for the next meeting, we'll have to look at a field design. It's important that the corporate design image is going to be in the remote. So check out the corporate website maybe. The user interface design. That's the same story. And product evaluation. So the industrial designer and user interface designer are going to work together on this one. But you're going to get your instructions, I think, send it by the coach. So... I will put these minutes in the folder. And then we're going to try to finish our project and make a good design for all the grandfathers and grandmothers. I think... Let's see. I'm not sure if you're going to start right away to work together or... I think you're going to fill in the questionnaires first. And then you'll get a message. So that's basically it. Maybe this one. Maybe you can save this one in the folder's group. It's here. It's a smart boy. There it is. So if you want to have a look at it, it's over there in the project folder. And then I guess we'll start in 30 minutes again. Thank you. Okay. Right on time. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hey. Is the room a bit together? Okay. Is it good?