 Okay. Okay. I'm just going to attempt to make this into a slideshow. Sorry guys. I need to be a French lassie. I did twice. I thought you were just taking over. Why it won't? I'm just going to try to make this into a slideshow. Okay, we'll have to deal with it like this then. This is the first meeting for developing a new product. I'm Heather. I'm your project manager. Okay, so that was the opening. The first thing we'll do is get acquainted with one another. Everyone can go around and explain their role and their name. Okay, my name is Poppy. I'm the industrial design business project. I'm going to be responsible for the functional design phase. Also the conceptual design. I'm the detailed design for the final product. I'm the multi-useur designer. I will also be responsible for the functional design phase. The conceptual design phase and the detailed design phase. I'll be the user interface design. Hi, I'm Jenna Viva. I'm the marketing expert. I'm an expert at marketing. I'll be telling you guys about the user requirements specifications for a new product. I'll be doing some trend watching in the conceptual design and product evaluation for the design phase. All right, I'm Heather. I said I'm your project manager. Well, you can pretty much read what it is I can do. But, um... Yep. The tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today. As well as planning the project, how we're going to create this product and discuss our aims objectives. Which means I'm sorry next subject. As a team, we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control. We want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy. Completely new style so that you can really appeal to a generation that doesn't want a simple, plain kind of channel changer. And it needs to be user friendly for, um... maybe for an example, for people that can't see the numbers as well or perhaps an ergonomic design. Thank you. This is a television remote control. Yes. It's a television remote control. I believe I should be taking minutes on this right now. So, um... Yeah. Um... The way that we're going to go about this is, um... We'll have a time where we can, um... Come up with new ideas alone and work on the project. And then, um... after we've brainstormed and thought about we can come together in a meeting and discuss what, um... What kind of functional design we want to use, same with conceptual design and detailed design. So, um... making sure that it's usable, that as a... And that it's feasible to create and, um... Come up with a concept of what we want it to look like. Um... tool training. Is everyone, um... Right, no? Okay. Great. Um... One thing that we're going to do is become more acquainted with the tools that we have access to for our project. Um... one of them is our whiteboard. And, um... as a sort of team building moment, um... I'd like us to try out the whiteboard by expressing our favorite animal and the characteristics of that animal. Um... why that... why that should be your favorite animal. So, um... I'm assuming that we should do that now. Okay. With our microphone still attached to our bodies. Okay, let's measure that more. Do come up. Oh, wait. This is a team building time. Okay, that's not a definite goal. Okay, cool. My favorite animal, which changes all the time. Okay. Right now it is an elk. Okay. Right, so... Okay. Yeah, it's got to be that way. Yeah. Let's go... Look at how's Holly growing out of her head. Do you have elk? Why are you couple? Yes. We have moose too. Do you have moose? Yeah, sheep. Yeah, cows. Oh, it's a good artist. Oh, really? Really good artist. Yes. Thanks. This is my... Very shapely. Okay. That's the sketching of my elk. And it is my favorite animal right now, because it is a large, beautiful, majestic creature, in a way it looks kind of awkward because it's on spin the legs, but it can really overcome harsh terrain. And although it's gorgeous, it's also very dangerous, because it has strong antlers. And it can really combat its enemies, even like if it's an herbivore, but it can really defend itself. Right. Okay. I'm going to take minutes while you guys express your favorite animals. I think animal ever had like all sorts of animals, but at the moment I'm going to draw a cat. Remember when I caught the cat that died in the sun. Oh, yeah. And it is a strange thing, but it's a weird thing. I'm not as artistic as Heather's drawing, a bit more cartoon-like, but I like cats because they're so independent, and they always seem to be doing what they want to be doing. But that doesn't mean they're completely not sociable. They're not sociable. And they're not sociable. And they're not sociable. And they're not sociable. And they're not sociable. And they're not sociable. And they're not sociable. And they're not sociable. Because they enjoy interacting with humans as well. And they seem to enjoy the good things like sunshine and running around outside as well as being inside and enjoying the food. Generally, they just seem so cool. And they just know what they're doing. I reckon they're sort of, they're got it sorted. They know what they want. They see how they're like cats. Okay, right. That would be all right. Yep. Okay, I think my favorite animal would be a dog, but I'm not really sure how he'd draw along. I'd never draw on a dog's own thing. I'm tempted to draw a snail, because I draw them. It's really easy. Okay. Right, it's going to be a really funny dog. I'm not sure how to draw a dog. Well, they're loads of different types of dogs. Sure, a rep is not one kind of dog. It's a church in dogs. I think. I don't need a... Oh, yeah. It's a scary church. Yeah. That is not a cute dog. We can kind of like a person. It's a pinocchio. He draw a dog. That's supposed to have a lot on my dog. Right. You know what it's supposed to be. It's a dog. Okay. I like dogs because they're so good to human. They can be trained to be police dogs and see an eye dogs. There's just such friendly animals. There's more of a companion of the cats. A lot of the cats' cats don't really like me, so they can't like me. But there's just a family and one and the most fun. That don't look like that. Alrighty. I feel like a robot. Well, I guess I had the most time to think about it. I'm going to draw a butterfly. I saw a butterfly yesterday that seemed to be like the symbol of spring arriving. And it was actually the prettiest butterfly I've ever seen out in the wild. And I thought it was pretty cool in Scotland. It was like... It was a little pointier than that. I just thought it was a dead leaf. And then it landed on the wall next to me. But this part was all brown and then had these big blue dots like this. And then there was a green ring and there was like red going out like this. It's kind of like a peacock. Yeah, it kind of was actually because this part of the body was really dull. And then it was the most colorful, exotic butterfly ever. And I'm like, wow, this is a little Scotland in the marsh. So I thought that was pretty cool. And it landed by a wall and let me look at it for about two minutes. I wish I'd had my camera. So that's going to be my favorite animal because after all the snow, it seemed to say that spring is finally here. Yeah, right on there. Great. What do we... Do you hear the eraser buzzing while you do that? Yes, I do. Right. So now that we know how to use the whiteboard. That's it. The next thing we need to address is our financial department to meet our budgets. We're not meet our budget, but more like what kind of selling range we'll be looking at. I want to make this as a selling price of 25 euros. And so we have to come up with a way to create a remote control where we can... Like the price to create it will be significant. We'd like to make 50 million euro, I'm assuming that's what the end means. And make it for an international market. One thing we'd have to think about internationally is in the design of different kinds of VCRs, things like that, depending on which country you are. Another thing for the design team to think about. We want it to cost an absolute maximum of 12 euro and 50 cents. Okay, so we'll have 100% profit then. 1250. I'm bad at math. Okay. So now that that is underway, it is discussion time. So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas. And the suggestions that you may have so far and your personal experiences with remote controls and areas you see that could be improved in your experience with them. Does anyone have any initial thoughts? I find them in the dark, it's often hard to know what button you're pushing. So it's something we could do to remedy that. I just find that in our house, there's remote control always goes in. It's always worried there's remote control. So maybe if you could have some kind of tracking device with remote control or a signal that you could find out where it was, I did it, some kind of alarm. You can press a button on your wall. It's a great idea. It's a great idea. Do you not find that there's a lot of buttons on your look? Yeah, and you don't know how to use hot pads. And you don't know how to use hot pads. There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel. So all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something that's useful. So you just have the number buttons, power button, TV video button. Anything about the look of the remote control that you might have ideas about, maybe it could be instead of like a standard rectangular shape, it could be something more interesting. Any ideas we'll do that you have at this point? You can shape like a cauch. You can make it look like a shell shaped, though. You can hold it. How are we going into a kind of novelty fact, you could see? Well, if it's a trendy original aspect we're going for, I mean, you're the designer to decide what kind of direction you want to go in, but at this point in the first meeting you can be any ideas that we just throw out there. So if we're heading to have a huge profit out of this, it needs to be quite a university-accepted thing. Like a novelty thing in my own cell, if he thinks rather than like a general kind of more acceptable. But we don't want to go to a boring thing, because that one's not right. And key issue here is, is being trendy and original. That does not necessarily mean it needs to be outrageous. Yeah. We have five minutes left, so just to cover, we have one more thing. Like you can go over your ideas, of course, in your own personal times. Our next meeting will be in half an hour, so you have half an hour to think about what you want to present, or not present, but bring to the meeting. ID, whatever that stands for, industrial designer. Industrial designer, after remembering these things, you'll be beginning your working design. UID, the technical functions design, will be worked on the next 30 minutes. Let me be how this can be achieved. And we need the user requirements from the marketing expert. You will get specific instructions of what to do in the next half an hour, and I'll see you in half an hour, okay? Okay. Thank you. You