 You see that? You can see that. Okay. So I'll take you. You go. You see that? Easy. So let's start our second meeting on conceptual design. So as the previous meeting I will be the secretary and we will have three presentations and we will have to decide on the remote control concept and finally we will close the session. So I will first... Oh you do the minutes first or? What? No. I think I will let our user interface and designer speak first. Mr David Jordan. Yeah. So first I will... Yes. Technical... That's this one? No. Interface. Yes. So first I will present the concept of user interface. There are three concepts in the user interface. The first one is the Google controller. The second is the fancy controller. That's why it's an intelligent controller. So there are three concepts in our controller. Next I will explain my main. The first is the Google controller. So I want the controller to be easy to use but with the sophisticated functions. So it's a combination of easy to use and the sophisticated functions. This is the first concept of our controller. The second concept is the fancy controller. So we want to give the customer the impression that our controller is very attractive. We can easily recognize our controller among a lot of products. So the user interface would be very cute. Very attractive. Such as these. There are several examples in these slides. I'm not sure. The video is very interesting. Yes. It's very big. It's easy for me to recognize it. You're okay. Why not? We'll have big discussion with the last suppose after that. So the last concept is the intelligent. We want our controller to be smart. So maybe we should use some technology such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology. So we need to have some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and gesture recognition. With these advanced features, I think we can attract a lot of users. Okay. Something else? Nope. This is the three concepts of our... I just have one question. You said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition. As the expert told us, most of the people want to use the remote control to zap between channels. Do you think they will be able to use gestures? If they do all the time the same gesture, as you said previously in the last meeting, maybe they will get injuries. Because of that? Or if you say channel 3, channel 3, 2, 3, 4, 6, 5, I think they will be born after a while. You don't think so? I think sometimes it's very convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface. For example, if you cannot find your controller, you can just speak something such as one. Yes, one of the things you have got to call you have a mute remote controller. So you can use gestures? That's the problem. How is it very easy to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition? For limited vocabulary speech recognition, it's very reliable. And for limited vocabulary speech recognition, it's also very... Yeah, but suppose you have a family watching TV. Yeah. And if they want to use their private remote control in the same time, do you think it will work? Everybody wants to change channels at the same time? But this would never happen anyway. Yeah, they cannot speak at the same time. If you have one brother and one sister, they want to watch their favorite TV program. So they say, oh, channel 4, channel 3, channel 4. Yes, so you have to use these things. The same can happen even using these kind of remote control. I don't think so. But do you have the remote control? So maybe you can record with you. You're not obliged to share. Oh, okay, okay. You mean it could be a problem for this kind of... Yeah, we can. That's the advantage of intelligent control. Even you have the control. You have the control. I can. I can say it's channel 3. So it's... This is the disadvantage. I think it's the disadvantage. This is the advantage. I mean, maybe you can have a switching more to pass from, you know, voice control to... But one other question, how much will it cost? How much can it be? Yeah, because I suppose we need to do research. Do you have something working? No, we just... Oh, you sound inefficient. Basically. No, we just have some cooperation with some research institute. We don't have to do some basic research on this. So you think it won't cost in... Not a lot for us? Yeah, I think it's... Because this technology is... For limited or lack-seeking recognition... It's very... Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. But it's changing how the remote control is going to be built. Because then you need... I mean, this doesn't have the power to do recognition, for example. You have also the language, for example. Because it has to be universal. Yeah, I agree with some. So, that's not a problem. Yeah, but there's one problem that Baba talked about. It's the international remote control. We need something that is international. Suppose we want to sell it in France. Yeah. The recognition system will be able to understand French. If you want to go to England, it will be able to understand English. Yeah, the key... This could be downloaded by the way. The key feature of our control is that it has some... Adaptation. We need... It means when you sell this controller in China, it can recognize Chinese. If you sell this controller in France, it's very much French. It's a very smart controller. And we've no increase in the production price of the remote control. Because of this technology has already been developed. But the problem is how to... This is a push button controller. You can send this remote control everywhere in the world. Same one. If you have the language, you have to be able to... That's why we have to do language adaptation. But first country, you have to do one. Because even for different families, we have to do... Really? Yeah, we have to do adaptation too. Yeah, but it seems to be quite complex. Yeah, we have to take care of the 12 euros from... And what about voice recognition? Do we have microphones? And where we'll be there? Do you think we are far from television? I think there's another problem. Because you don't have to wear a microphone. The microphone is embedded in the controller. Yeah, but where is the controller? Where is the controller? Is it your family? In your home? No, but it's... Here it's an object. But here you say you want to use a... Yeah, you can embed it in the microphone. What is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have remote control like this, if you have an object? If you want to use voice or gesture, you need to be free. Without any objects, you just want to interact with the television. Yeah, just put the controller here. Then you... If you say one, it's your command. And you do your gesture. Yeah, but you can lose it. No, it's... If you lose it. But for example, if it is somewhere in the room, maybe if it is in the table there, you can always say it's channel one. And the remote control gives audio to the TV. Okay, so you can build to kind of black box and put it on TV just to recognize gestures and voice. Yeah, but so you need the camera and a microphone. You would still have the buttons. Or do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition? Or you still have the possibility to use buttons? I think it would give the flexibility to the user. Okay, so you... Yeah, but... You can see, they can switch from one modality to another. Yeah, I don't know. It's a bit risky. I think so, maybe it will be quite... Quite attractive. I think that switching from one country to another will be a problem. Well, if you do language adaptation, there should be no problem. Yeah, but... Yeah. Okay. We should have confidence in technology. Yeah, we should. So, what do you think, which are the controllers you'd prefer? What? Which kind of controller would you prefer to use? You as a remote control user? I mean, I'm sure if the user pays the same price, he's happy to have recognition. But if it like doubles, I think he needs a controller that is very reliable. So, I think it would be better not to do nientelegen controller and just stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller. Maybe try to mix the Google controller and a fancy controller. Yeah. Just one, to have something controller, which is an intelligent controller, easy to use, sophisticated and fancy. Yeah, but if you stick to the first two parts, so what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market? There's no features of our controller. So, is there any necessary to design new controllers without any breakthrough features? No, I mean, would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function? If you do not have some function, I'd prefer that. Some function like browsing internet, or some stuff like that. But I think a user needs... That's not the function of the controller. You can replace the TV with a new TV with internet browser. No, but you need a new remote controller then. Because if you want to browse internet, or... You don't have any. If you want to type something, or... Okay, if you want to send a mail from... Well, it's not the only issue of controller. It's also the issue of the TV. Because the problem I can see is the voice or the gesture. Because we can have enough... For example, we cannot rely 100% on these features to use the controller. But it's the features of our controller, such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile. But you seldom use it in your mobile. But when you choose a new mobile, you choose the one with voice recognition. The feature is not 100% reliable, but it's a feature to distinguish our product from other products. Yeah, but we want something that works all the time. Yeah. Every day, every hour, for everyone. Or the person of the family. If you already have a product, it works 100% reliable. Would you replace it with another one? Yeah, one out. For example, we would like to have a Google-like controller. I don't see how adding speech or gesture recognition would make the remote control look more like Google. Google is simple, works fine. So I guess you can have a remote control that is really basic, simple and works fine. It's already a lot. But there's no big difference between the traditional controller. I mean, the user is not only interested in having speech or gesture recognition. If he has something that works fine and is really fancy, looks nice. Not too easy to use. Not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one. It does no key feature in the new controller. That's the problem. Yeah. I mean, I know it's more interesting to develop a remote controller with speech and gesture and whatever. But you have to think the user is the one who will buy the product. Okay. So let's go to the industrial designer. Maybe we'll be able to take a decision after that. So two. Two? Yeah. Passing into working. And we're going to define it. So... I can... Can you go to the next one? It's not this one. It's not working this one. Sorry. Come on, I'll see that. So this is to describe to you. I think there's something wrong with your... Did you receive it? Maybe you... Maybe you... You record it somewhere else. I don't think so. Participate. One? Participate in one? To face concept. No. Hmm. Maybe I record it directly on the computer. Yeah. No. No. Okay. It seems that we have a problem with the... I don't know if you remember what you had to say or... I can say it to you without... You know, so... Yeah, maybe we can first come to... No, I think it would be more interesting to talk with... It's from... I think it's more interesting. More interesting. Yeah. It will have some more information and I think it would be interesting after you presentation to have some... Babas presentation. Yeah. Okay. In my presentation, I don't have here but... Okay. It was in fact to design you... To show you the design of what is inside. Okay. What is inside and what are the different components of the... Of the remote control. Okay. So it will be interesting so I could show you some... Some picture of what is inside and so... So in fact the... Something I want to discuss is... Which kind of matter are you going to use? So it will be... It wouldn't... It wouldn't... Remote control or... Plastic remote control like this one. So... And... Which... Which kind will be the different button? So it can be some... You know... Classic push button like this one. Or you have also some button like LCD where you know... The buttons are... The buttons are unlighted during the night or you know... You can see them in the darkness. Okay. And... The other thing I want to discuss also is... Which kind of... Elementation, electric elementation we want to have. So will it be for example... Solar, energy, Alimentation or will it be a battery like the classical battery? So... And I think that for example for the elementation it would be good to have... Both of them so... So for example in some country where you are in the countryside and you are far from... You know the cities. For example in some places in... In Stenegar so... If you have a... If you have solar... Elementation you just... When you want to have... Recharge your remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can comment. So it can be interesting for people to have this kind of... It can be something interesting to make people buy it. I think it's an added value to the remote control. And maybe it can attract all the... Ecclical... Yeah, consumers. And... But... The price of adding this solar battery... Would it be something really that will increase the price of production or... In fact having them both... Will... If you want to have battery... Regular battery and... And the solar energy battery it could be... It will add a little bit of the price. So... But it will be another value also that will be compensated. Okay. So... And what about the... Materials? And the materials... It depends. For example, if you have a wooden material it can be more... The plastic material is more common. It's very resistant. But you know something wooden will be like... I don't know... Special high class. Yeah, and if you... We want to put fashion and electronics maybe we can try to do something we would. Yeah, even if it is not completely wood, but it gets to part of the wooden... In wood and... It can be interesting. Okay. Interesting. So the last point is also we do want to have some very cheap... Integrated silk circuits, chips... Or do we have low level or very expensive? It depends. But I think that low level will be, you know, it is an intermediate. Yeah, it wants something easy to use. So I think maybe something very low level would be enough. And you think that we will be... I think it will fit on the price you want 12 euros. Okay. So wood and what about the buttons? I think the buttons... I prefer, you know, the LCD... Lighted buttons. Because you know it's... Persuasion. And you're in the dark, it's fashion and it's related to how beautiful it is. So if you want to watch TV in the darkness or if you want to find your... Find your... Your remote control that is lost in the darkness, it's very easy. What about the touch screen? For example, it's expensive, I guess. I think the touchscreen will be as expensive as the LCD button. And it is a kind of design. It can be also interesting to have this kind of... So you got the email? I don't know. I think we have only... Five minutes left. Okay. Touch-pins for? Functional requirements? No, train watching. Here's the one. This one? Yeah. I think so. Yeah. So just to meet the user requirements, I've just... Do a short analysis of the remote control market. And to kind of... Have a better overview of what's the fashion in general I've checked... More than only the remote control market. So next. So again, it's pretty much similar to what I've said in the previous meeting. User really wants a fancy look and feel. They are not so interested in a functional look and feel. Like the one you've shown David with all the buttons. I mean, it sounds good technically, but it's not what they want. So second point, they still want it to be technologically innovative. So maybe it's sort of related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on. At the same time, it's important that it's easy to use. So where the three first points from the remote control analysis. Now, if we look at fashion in general... Okay. What we really see this year is that everything from clothing to shoes and furniture is inspired by fruits and vegetables. Okay. So I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the... I think. Because it's really what people want. Even if it's in general fashion, we want it to be in the remote control. And then, if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points, fancy look and feel has on the score of seven would have six as importance. The remote control has to be technologically innovative. It's three, then easy to use. It's not so important, actually, with respect to other ones. So we see fancy looking... Looking feel is the most important one. And then, if we combine this with the fashion from Milan and Paris. We go to the fruits and vegetables. And the other point I haven't mentioned is people want to have a spongy touch. So this maybe doesn't really fit with the wood and design. I don't know. But the product is which kind of material do you need to spongy? Yeah, this would be like plastic, but rubber... Maybe you know, rubber like device. Okay, that was the main point, I think, from the trend in fashion. Okay. So we have to take decisions about the component concepts, about the energy. So, as you say, you want something technologically innovative. Maybe using solar energy... Yeah, solar, I think it's... With battery would be something interesting, maybe we'll attract... Pro-ecology consumers. Chip and print, so you propose lollible chips would be enough to have something working well. Case. Leaving. So you think, okay, something spongy, no wood. Maybe not no wood, but I mean wood. Maybe not the part you're touching. So we can have wood, for example, in the bottom. Maybe the base. It's natural. Yeah, it's natural. It's natural. So maybe we can stay with wood. It can be correlated to energy, solar energy. So for the marketing aspect, you know, saying... It's not exactly right for the spongy... Yeah, it's not right. But it's still fashion. But we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons or... Okay. Yeah, something that you can enter in. And what about the user interface concept? Google and... Google and fancy. And fancy. How about the voice? I think that with the voice and gesture recognition, there are still some disadvantages with this. Maybe we can do some marketing studies asking people if they're interested in how... It is an interesting concept to see, to have voice control. Smart control. And the point is, we can enter that if you have voice control, why not to put it directly on the TV? So you speak directly to the TV. You don't need a remote control actually. Yeah, but you need a receiver to recognize gestures and the voice. It will be embedded on the TV and not on a remote control. That's true. Okay. So maybe we're just focused on the Google controller plus the fancy controller. Maybe try to mix them with these two concepts together, just in one and... Do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with low level chips and wood. Yep. Good. And LCD buttons. Yeah, I think for the subliminal solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add. And what can we say as a subliminal to interface? Yeah, for the interface something added value. I think the subliminal can be the voice. It is not the most important, but it can be a part of... With a module, you mean a remote control with a module if you want, you can just use commands, words and use them when you don't want to use different things. Even it is for just some keys like switching channels one, two, three, four... Turning the TV off or off. Not very complex commands, but easy commands. So adding some vocal commands. Simple ones. Yeah, simple ones. Okay. So next meeting will start in 30 minutes. So... Well, you will all have to work in your direction. So you will have to work on the look and feel design. To add the easy to use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition. You will have to work more on the spongy way to add spongy touch to the buttons and try to find maybe a nice shape for the wooden remote control. And I think we will have to evaluate the product. Not forgetting about the fruits and vegetables, trends. Yeah. It is possible. Okay. And remember, as I said last meeting, we really have to build fashion, remote control. And the color of the society will be really... It will be seen in the remote control. So you will have Baba and David Jordan. You will have to work together on the prototype. Yeah. And you will have next time to show us modeling a clay remote control. So you will have to model something. Yeah. And I think that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. Okay. So no more questions. We can close the session. Mm. Sounds good. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cool. Mm.