 We're not like to do the lights. You can see that in the better. Yeah. Okay. Am I supposed to be standing up there? So you've got both of these clipped on. She can hold on to me. Yeah, I'll go. This is my birthday. Okay. Yeah. God. She's gonna fall off. Oh. Okay. Okay. Hello everybody, I'm Sarah, Project Manager, and this is our first time in terms of pricing and management. Okay, this is our agenda. We will do some stuff, get to know each other a bit better, feel more comfortable with each other. Then we'll go to the Tool Training, talk about the Project Plan, discuss our own ideas and everything. And we've got 25 minutes to do that as far as I can understand. Now, we are developing a welcome approach, you probably already know. We want it to be original, something that people haven't thought of, it's not out in the shops. Trendy, appealing to a wide market, but not a hunk of metal. And user friendly, granny, two kids, maybe even creatures, should be able to use it. Okay, first is the functional design. This is where we all go off into our individual work. What needs need to be fulfilled by the product, what effect the product has to have, and how it's actually going to do that. Conceptual design, what we're thinking, how it's going to go, and then the detailed design how we're actually going to put it into practice and make it work. Okay, right, we're going to practice with the pens and draw our favourite animal on the whiteboard agrofers. And some of the characteristics of that animal. Okay, space for everyone else. We're running it, please. Okay, I'm not going to ask you to guess I'm going to tell you that supposed to be a tiger. I see them as majestic and independent and proud. Now we wait to come next. Let's go from hair. Thank you. Maybe you can guess what I'm trying to make. I kind of talk. It's actually sitting. It's sitting. It's not standing. I see it as one thing. It's very supportive. It's your best friend in you. You can talk to a dog. It can be a best friend. It doesn't discriminate between you based on what you are. Second, it's loyal. And third thing, it's got intuition. Means dogs can sometimes make out between a thief and a person. So basically these are the three unique features I think belong to a dog. Thank you. Hi, okay. Please leave me a space at the bottom. I'm a little bit at the top. We're standing on a chair. Since you guys have chosen the ones I wanted to do. Have some guys who've been signing a fair random. And also my drawing scale isn't that great. Well, as you can see, the quality of the work today. It's not that good. Okay, now I'm going to have to change what it was originally going to be. Because that looks like a beak now. So. Crocodile. Yeah, it can be a crocodile. It can be a crocodile. Well, it was it was the first. Firstly, it was an attempt to a T-regs. And then it sort of changed into a pelican. It can be a crocodile. That's lovely. Yeah, and I have to think on the spot of things that it is. Scary. Strong. Yeah, that's funny. Okay. I'm very impressed with your artistic skills. Mine's a dreadful. Oops, this is now coming apart. I just put the top in. I'll hold that clicks in. I'll hold it on. Oh, dear. What happened there? Technical help. Hopefully I'll stay on 200 versions. Okay. Again, this is off the top of my head. I was going to do a big cat too. It doesn't look like what I wanted to be. It's not a vampire bat, honestly. Somewhere there's a body behind. That's the worst. It's meant to be an eagle. You can tell it's a flying animal. Could have been a seagull. I never thought of a seagull. Again, I'm thinking of my feet. I suppose they're also independent. I'll put that one down again. Independent. Did you say they're good at golf? I'm not good at golf. I see they're quite free-spirited. Flying around everywhere. Doing their own thing. Birds of prey, aren't they? Oh, dear. Intrepid. Intrepid. There we go. That pen is going to be okay. What? Okay. That's fine. Finance wise, we've got a selling price at 25 euros, which I don't actually know what that is. At all. Any ideas? 17. One point four, you know, would make a bond or something? Yeah, yeah, saying that. 17. 17 pounds. Should we be making notes of this? We can just refer to this later. I'd be able to put the app or a cable to the shareholders. Having said that though, if you want to get one of those, the ones on the market at the moment, that's about 20 pounds anyway. Right. We have one. So I suppose later it depends if we want to undercut the price. Or is it going to make our product look a cheapy-cheapy option? Yeah. Production costs at 1250. So the unique margin. Half of the selling prices. Yeah. Taking that by building it. And profit aim is 15 million euros, which is a... You know, first year? Yes. Yeah. I presume so. You've got market range international. And you did see earlier it's got to be accessible and usable by sort of all age groups. We're not focusing on business market, any particular thing. It's everyone, user-friendly to everyone. Okay. Big target group. Yes. I don't think it's a case of worrying about different languages and things like that, making that key point. Just that it's going to be an international market. Like Australia, America, things like that. Okay. So what are your experiences in film and controls? I mean, I've got... We've got... We had three videos, a TV and sort of amp thing all set up. So we got one of the Universal and Moe controls. Yeah. And the program, each of you things into. But that kept losing the signals. So we'd have to reprogram it every now and again. I think it was quite cheapy as well. Yeah. But that was quite good, the fact that you could... You saw the ones that you haven't. You didn't have six remote controls in front of you. Right. You want to do great everything into one, like... Yeah. My experience has only been given the remote control with the object I buy, not doing any tampering with it and programming, using it to program TV videos and things. But basically on or volume up and down, channel one to that basic function, I don't think I could go any further with it, but I think it's not that. So, I think it's got to be something usable by someone like me as well. Yeah, that's the main stuff anyway. And you don't want to... I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words, saying what they all do. I'm just sitting there searching for the teletext button. And symbols that you don't necessarily understand. Symbols are meant to understand that you don't. So, you should have some rules. When you've got the main things on the front of it and a section opens up for something to the other functions when you can do sound or actually kind of recording things like that inside it. Because it doesn't make... When you pick it up, it doesn't make it really complicated to look at. It's obvious. What you're doing. Actually, that just raises a point. I wonder what our design people think. But you know on a mobile phone, you can press the key and it gives you a menu. It's got a menu display. I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful to you. You've got a little LCD display. I was thinking of the same lines. You instead of having too many buttons and make it complicated for the user, maybe have an LCD display or something like that, like a mobile. With menus. And with menus. And if it's somewhat similar to what you have on mobile phone, people might find it easier to browse and navigate also. Yeah. What about the older generation? What about granny and grandad? My grandad can answer his mobile phone. He couldn't even dream of texting or something like that. Can he program his remote controller? Is he basic with that too? I don't think they're taping. Yeah. My grandad thought she better than me using teletax. Right. So that's a problem regardless of any design modifications you come up with. Yeah. That's going to be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps. And that's another issue of a tackle that. Yeah. Why it just needs to be, as long as it's sort of self intuitive and you can work out why everything's doing. Because I mean menus on sort of neat phones now, they're still got all these pictures and stuff which makes it fairly obvious what you're trying to do. I don't know how. I don't know how. I don't like the new phones that kind of got a windows based. Oh yeah. Running system. I find it really confusing. I kept getting lost in the phone. I've not got a new one but my friend got a new one. And I was trying to do things with it. And I just kept getting lost. But that's just me. Yeah. I don't know how for 25 or 12 euros 50, how much of an excellent screen you could get. Yeah. You'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white LCD thing. Is it possible that for the older generation you could have like an extra button that you press for a large print like you do in large print books? Obviously it displays less on the screen. It displays less on the screen but as long as they can read it, that's the main thing. Yeah. Or what about kind of a dual function in that you've got the basic buttons just for your play volume program things. And also and then a menu to go into with obvious pictures, obvious symbols and that's where you control recording and things like that. The other thing is just tucking into mobile phone design features again. You could have a flip top remote control so that when you flip over the top, your screen is you can have a bigger screen in the flip over. I think that's a cost of thing. I don't know how much we're going to know about. It might save a bit of space instead of looking bulkier, it might look small. Yeah. But it might have some cost implications. And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone. It can still be lightweight plastic, you know. Something that's easily molded and produced. Sorry, I'm trying to be a new tereshoe guy. Right, okay, we've got half there for the next meeting. So we're all going to go off and do our individual things. I think that's probably about it. And then we'll come back and do it again. Yeah. And I get to do another fantastic project. Just a quick thing about the, what you're saying about the, doesn't need to be fashionable. So I had a quick look at the company website and it's like the, we put the fashion into electronics. I think the whole design thing might be fine. Sure. I mean, you can still have plastic and it looks quite good. Yeah, I mean, it doesn't have to be, but that was my main point. We do have to use metal. I don't know if using plastic does make it cheaper, I presume it would. Yeah. I mean, the sky remote controls are, and they're kind of molded and look a bit different than the telewester remote control to fill up a plastic chart. Looks a bit slightly. Yeah, I guess that's a bit. Okay. Okay. So let's break up there. Okay. Okay. So see you in half there. Do we go back to our roofing system? Yeah.