 Hanna, Hello, This meeting should be focused on conceptual design of the remote control. The goal of this meeting is to reach a decision at the end of the concept I think the last time we talked about and a lot and we had a rough idea of what is going to be but at the end of this meeting we have to reach a decision. So, we will have again three presentations from all of you and I hope it will be fast because I would like to have time to have a long discussion and decisions. So, we want to start. I so... Okay. No, no. You get a start. Okay, I'll start. Can you open my presentation please? I'm number four. Train this one? Yep. Can you pass them out please? Okay, it's one. Okay. So, basically I just want to present to you some recent results we've had from looking at some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world. Fashion trends we got from talking to our contacts in the fashion industry based in Paris and Milan. So, from our market research, basically we've come to the conclusion that a fancy look and feel as opposed to a functional look and feel is our number one priority. Fancy is the highest priority. Secondly, that our remote control needs to be technologically innovative. So, this is number two priority but it's two times less important as the fancy criteria. And thirdly, the easiness of use is important as well but again two times less important as the technologically innovativeness of the remote control. From our fashion people in Paris and Milan, we've discovered that this year fruit, the fruit and vegetable motif will be the most important thing in clothes, shoes and furniture. So, pretty confident that our remote control fits into the furniture category. And also the feel of material this year is expected to be spongy. Okay. So, hopefully our remote control reflects that in some way. What does it mean spongy? Sort of squishy. Like soft or something? Yeah, soft, like a sponge. Okay. So, in conclusion, our remote control needs to be something that's really fancy. It has lots of technology in it. Somehow, we'd be good to have it related to fruit and vegetables with the spongy feel. And that's easy to use. And from our last meeting, Fabian taught us that one of the requirements is that we have to reflect the look and feel of the real reaction company. That's it. Easy to use. As much as important than technology or fancy thing. It's less important, right? Less important. So, fancyness first and then half as important as that is technology. And then half important as technology is easy to use. So, Ahmed, can you please show the presentation number three? I think the biggest struggle will be the easy to use feature. Number three. This one? Yes. Could you please check if it is the first one or the second? No, no, no, it's the first one, the second one. No, it's not this one. Yeah. Okay. So, I'm going to talk about a little bit about how this remote control should be appear to be more easy to use. I think the feature is more important than being fancy. But, okay, we can discuss about it later. Generally, this remote control should be something in my opinion. The first feature is just to be easy to use. So, the more frequent buttons should be larger. They should be placed in a good position inside the remote control. I can conclude like this that we shouldn't need to learn how to use it. We shouldn't need to open a book and start reading and learning how to use this remote control. Okay, so what I found out that, as I said, I think it's better to put more frequent buttons which are used more in the middle of the remote control. And they should be bigger in size. The shape of remote control should be in a way which should be taken easily in hand. It should not be completely like a cube. It should have round edge. So, then it's easier and maybe just like some toys, some joystick which is easier to take inside the hand. Also, because customers doesn't like to buy a glass of battery, it should not consume a glass of energy. Okay, and my personal preference is, as I said, just putting these buttons in special places and cover some buttons which are not used that much. Like settings buttons, like mobile phones, usually some mobile phones cover the dialing number part. So, we can cover these buttons which are not used or number buttons for the channels. And just put volume change or channel change buttons in the remote control. And if the user needed to do some more complex tasks, he can open the cover and change settings or something like this. And also, I think if we put some buttons in size of the remote control, it can be used easier. But, I don't know if I can explain well, but just in size, for example, sliding or rolling stuff, if we put it in size, then we can easily manipulate it with a thumb. So, it can be another preference. And I don't know, but I think you, the specific recognizer can be good. I know that it consumes lots of energy, but if we do it in some way, that it slips when there is no sound and when it detects some sound, it may consume less energy. And I think it's good because it's something new and usually young people like something new. So, it may not be very useful, but because it's new people may buy it. I personally think there should be a big difference between something. Otherwise, they prefer to buy something which is coming from a famous company. Okay, that's fine. Okay, pretend. Okay, so good news for me, for me from Hamet, but Benius from Bob, obviously, because it's pointy design. I don't like it as an engine, but... Okay, could you please go down and open it? Yeah. And which one? Probably the first one. I'm not sure, but... Check the first one. Most of the things I have to write myself on the board, but... Yeah, that's it. It's only this slide? This is just one thing I wanted to mention and show you that I just found this, that our company developed seven fingers or an inch TFT screen, which is good news for us since we wanted to include the display there. So, I probably... I'll draw it down the overall scheme. This is the stuff that I can use. Okay, so this will be like the overall scheme or overall requirements from the engineering point of view. First thing is... This will be the overall shape. I'm not speaking about the real shape of the device, but the shape of the inside of the device. So, there will be some circuit for the power. So, say, power circuit here. The main energy will be taken from batteries. And if we decide to use the speech recognition stuff there, we must use additional source of energy, which I found the best is to use the solar cells, which can supply everything. I was computing all the things related to the speech recognition, and it's okay to use just two batteries and solar cells, so no problem. There can be also solar cells. The main board with all the circuits will take at least 7 to 7 centimeters. So, this is my like hard requirement for the guys from the design. So, at least 7 to 7, it depends where you put your screen. Because the screen is 7-inch, so it depends when you where you put it as a matter. It's just one cord from the main board to the screen, which can be elsewhere. So, this will be TFT. And on the main board, we have the interface to the microphone, which is somewhere. Say here, interface to the microphone, then the graphical card for the TFT. And the third unit is the IR. The good news is that we decided to use the infrared unit, because our company has also developed the chip for communication by the infrared, including all the stuff inside, so it will be very cheap for us. So, infrared here. So, once again, the overall requirement is 7 to 7 centimeters for the board, which can be spongy, but has to be this size. And the TFT, which is 7 inches. I have to check what I wanted to. From my point of view, I don't care about the material used for the overall device. Can you fit any, for example, TFT or any electronic device in a spongy thing, or is there any problem for that? For example, with electronic card on a spongy thing, I can imagine it could be a problem. All these things in this box are okay to put in any shape, basically. But we have to take care of the TFT sponginess. Maybe it's a good feature, since it takes, if it's around the TFT, then it's good, because it just keeps it safe. I don't know. Maybe it's a... Have two shells, a hard shell inside, and a sponge inside. Maybe put electronic in a box and sponge it in around the... Where she's at? Well, it's maybe related to the UI. Can I ask a question? Yeah, that's all for me. This 7-inch TFT screen. How big is it in reality? Well, 7 to 7 inches. So, like that? Yes. That's quite big. We decided that we're going to use this TFT screen. I don't think it's 7 by 7, I think it's 7. Two units, that one are only 7. Usually, one is 7. Even that is still like this big. I don't know, I don't know, one each. Honestly speaking, I was thinking that it was 7 centimeters initially. It's 7 inches, but I think we can cut it. You can cut the TFT screen. No problem, because then the size of the graphic card will be one-forced. So, no problem, two units cut the screen. Okay, so... So, for the same price, we have four screens now. Okay. It's a technical engineer. So, what's the size of the device? Well, this is like... This is almost nothing. 7 to 7, two at least, well, some 3 millimeters or something. Even from my perspective, 7 to 7 centimeters by 7 centimeters is still... But we wanted to... Is it about... Can you hold that? Because if it's too small, we can lose it at home. What user wants? They want a small remote control? Yeah, a small remote control. It should be the big control. But is that my 7 centimeter square? Easy to hold. Well, I think so. If the roller buttons are on the side, you don't have to catch it like that. Just like this and, you know, follow... Well, that's... There's no task for me, but... So, maybe you can finish your presentation and after... We'll discuss this. Okay, thanks. That's it. Okay. So... So, I think we have a lot... We have to take decision today. So, I think we have some more to finalize our idea and take decisions. First, I think energy is a key problem because... It depends... What can we have as feature if we use only batteries, for example, or something like that? Because can we have LCD and speech recognition with battery? It's also related to the size of the... The device... Just a point to the energy things. If we use the batteries and the additional solar cell, then it's okay for speech recognition and LCDs. Oh, no problem. So, I think... But we have to use the solar cell. Otherwise, no. Like, but using how many batteries, for example, are... Maybe what is the size of the batteries? Yeah, I was thinking just common AA cells. Okay, so like... 1, 2, 5 centimeters, I don't know exactly, but... So, if we use solar cells, where is the sun? If someone's watching TV inside. It doesn't need to be, it's just the daylight. I suppose that this remote control won't be in the room like this, where there is light only. And there are people, but at least when there is TV, you can get light from the TV. I don't think it's the alarm. Okay. Okay. It's a compromise, you know. At least it's new when maybe... Technology. Yeah, that's why I wanted to... To include the speech recognition because you want it all the different things. And if you watch TV outside, it's... Very useful. I think before talking about the other thing, it's... The important thing is the case. What are going to be the size? Because it's with drives, there's what we are going to use as features and so on. For example, for the LCD. If we choose to have a small device, we cannot use this... Such... So, the screen is okay, but the board... That's a problem. But what would you guess as a shape? What would be the shape? I think the bank large or small is not important. The only important thing is to be able to take it in a side hand easily. So, let's say an average size, okay. And it should not be very heavy also. And I prefer to... It shouldn't have a uniform shape. So, in the middle, it should be a little bit thinner, maybe, maybe. So, it's like some joysticks. You can take some joysticks. You can take in a side hand easier because it's designed for your... Taking into account your finger shape and your palm shape. So, the general shape should be like this. I think 7 cm by 7 cm is a little bit large. So, not 7, but let's say 5 by 10. I think that's my opinion. Which is the same area. Could you redesign your board? 5 to 10. 5 cm by 10 cm. Yeah, right. I think it's... Well, one... How could we do it? We could put the board under the LCD. And for example, make the LCD be totally unrelated to the thing that you hold in your hand. Like holding something and the LCD to be just on top of it, you know. But maybe, let's take to the spongy thing, like one unit. 5 to 10, it would be easier. The easiest thing could be to have a smaller LCD if it's possible. Okay, so 5 to 10, I think it's feasible. So, we are doing it with a smaller LCD. Or 5 by 10. I don't know, but I don't want to now invent something new because we didn't discuss about it. So, using some LCD, we can touch so we can remove keys and just having... I don't know the name. LCD is supposed to be a finger touching screen. Touch screen. So, but for now, if we don't want to use such kind of screens, I think we're using a smaller screen is better. Because the problem is we have a limited amount of time, so we cannot do something very new. So, let's go for a smaller LCD. So, just give me the 5 by 10 numbers that you find the best and send it to me. So, 5 by 10. So, what about... So, the case we talked about. Something easy to use, you said something easy to use, but how does that fit in a fashion way? Like, with fruit and vegetable and about the color and logo of the company. And so, now, can we do that? My first idea is because our color is more yellow and it should be easy to take in a hand. I thought about banana or something like that, which is fruit and... 7 to 10 bananas. Big banana. Or yeah, rather mango or something. Well, it's definitely the obvious choice with the color of your company. I mean, what other fruit vegetables? Just an idea, I don't know what you think about. Do you know any other fruit and vegetables that are yellow? I don't know if you can fit with the technology you are the specialist. I mean banana. Well, but... If it's... If the banana is big enough, then yes. So, if you want to look at the screen and banana, you know. Yeah, and I think this... It's not as to be square or it can be like a shape quite... Well, it can be whatever you want. But if it's square, then we get four screens out of one by cutting just. But if you want some shape, then we can only get like two screens out of 7 to 7 inches. It's like more expensive to have a shape like that, but I don't care. You know, if we... Oh, big wire man. I'd like a shaped screen, I think that's more important than saving a bit of money on the TFT screen. Maybe the banana could be like a bit fatter than the cut common one. Yeah, you should remember banana, but it doesn't have to be a banana. Okay. Raise your size and exactly the shape of banana. So, well, we stick to banana. Yeah, banana is good. Okay. So, the last point we decided it's in 4 red, I guess. So, that's it, I think about the concept. You have other things to add to this point. No, so, about the user interface, so we are going to use LCD. In the last meeting, we talked about hidden buttons. I don't know what we're going to do with that. You talked about peeling buttons on the side. It would be cool, yeah. Feeling of the banana, you know, you should discover the other buttons. Okay. And you mean the first layer would be spongy? The first layer, obviously, so it's like silly, but the people will appreciate it. Is it possible to do that? It would be a great idea, but possible technique. Like doing spongy layer. I think if we have a spongy layer on the outside of the banana, it's easy to manipulate that. Yeah, to be a cover that you can pull off. Something like a plastic cover covering some interface, USB interfaces in digital cameras. You see, it's like peeling, you open a plastic cover and you see some USB interfaces, some interfaces for adaptors. So, buttons can be covered like this with a plastic cover. And when you open this cover, it's like peeling a banana, so something like this. Yeah, but do you see that as a rigid thing or like a banana, something very soft? Yeah, you can open like a banana. Is it possible to make it soft? Yeah, it's like a plastic cover. So I think it's so that it's not what you think, Bob, but it would be great for users, I think. I think for sure, definitely the softer the better. Cool. I was just speaking, I cannot imagine it so far, but it will be terrible. And sitting buttons, you don't know. Over remarks or something we didn't talk about, yes, yeah, talk. I think we're onwards there, everything. Maybe how can we, if we have a soft thing like this and to open it we have to attach it somewhere. I don't know how to do that technically. Could you spell card? Yeah, maybe magnetic. Yes, it's a good idea. Magnetic. Magnetic. Yeah, it can be a plastic cover sticking to all this stuff, like magnetic materials in the board there. So it sticks like refrigerator door completely. Okay. And when you try to open it, it will be opened easily. So you can be sure that it will not be opened while you're commonly using buttons under banana. And what would be the material of the first layer? Like soft plastic? Yeah, imagine some sort of vinyl. No. Yeah, in a sort of a, with a swayed sort of feel. Since the things like the screen and solar cell has to be kept in shape. We cannot. But so we need that the peeling. I don't know, but we should take care of these two things. So if the solar cell won't be visible while the banana is closed, then the material must be able to put the light inside. So that we can raise the energy out of it. So your sign is possible to have a solar cell and this removable cover. And a banana. I don't know. I don't know what to do. If it's better to put the solar cell to the peeling or how to say this. Or inside, but then it must be some window there. And something we forgot maybe about the speech recognition system. Now we're going to use it. Yes, I think it's important. Yeah, one of our physical and it's a very existing technology. So we have the design, the good shape, new and so on. And we have also the technology thing. And even the easy to use things, so it will be perfect. So we also have the speech recognition. So that's great. We have decided everything and think we're on a good way. So the next meeting we start in 30 minutes. So the industrial manager will work on the look and fill design. The user interface manager will work on the user interface device. And the marketing expert will do the first product evaluation. So I hope you can do that in 30 minutes. And yeah, I think you should work together. You have a better picture to work in a first prototype. And more about the shape and so on. Or you can manage to put everything together. And as usual, you will receive some specific instructions. Thank you everybody and see you in 30 minutes. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.