 Let's do it. So to start writing on here, do you have to start by pressing anything on this page? Okay. Well, I filled a buzz. Me too. That's cool. Okay. Hi everybody. Welcome to our kickoff meeting for our new product that we're going to be designing. I'm Mandy and I'm the project manager and I know all your names again. Courtney. Yep. Vanilla and Amber. Alright. Okay. So first, let's go through this PowerPoint. I wonder what button I press. Let's do it on our own. Yeah. Or how about I just click? Okay. Here's our agenda for this meeting. We're going to start with our opening which was our introductions. We're going to get to know each other a little bit better. Tool training. We're going to, I guess, figure out what to do on this project with our individual roles. We're going to make a project plan and then have some time for discussion and close up the meeting. Okay. Here's our project. We're going to make a new remote control that's original, trendy and also user-friendly. And how we're going to do it is each of us is going to discuss the functional design first. How is it going to be used? What's the actual goal here? It has to operate the TV bubble, and we're going to do individual work on that and then meet the same thing with conceptual design, just the base overview of the project. And then we're going to do individual work. That's pretty much the whole process for today. And then the detailed design, just more in depth, get the actual schematics of the remote. Okay. All right. First, we're going to start off by using our tools. And the whiteboard thing, do you guys want to give that a try even though the ink wasn't working? Or do you want to do it on here? I think we should forego the whiteboards since we can't actually see what we're writing on. We can do it on here. All right. Let's go forward then. So we're all going to draw our favorite animal and then sum up our favorite characteristics of that animal. Even if you're not a good driver like me. All right. Next pieni goes. I draw like I'm in grade five. So we'll do that. Okay, about one more minute. Okay, and who would like to start us off? I'll go. This is my picture. I drew fish. I like fish because they're a whole water vascular system thing. It's pretty cool. And they've got a pretty good habitat and they're pretty sometimes, sometimes fish is, but that's okay. Only for piranhas. Yeah, they're easy. You know, yeah. All right. He wants to go next. I'll go. I drew a kitty. It's pretty much impossible to tell that's a cat. I love cats. Yeah, it does look like cat. I love cats because they're independent. They pretty much know what they want. They get it. They move on. I love cats too. I'm a cat person. I'm allergic to cats. I'm allergic to cats too. Oh, okay. If you're around when I had a roommate, he was allergic, but if she was around my cat forever, she became used to. Yeah, you know, if you're around the full one, pretty tight. I still can't sleep with them in my room. Oh, yeah. This summer, I love cats. It's crazy. Yeah. Okay. I drew a badger. Cool. I drew a badger. Yeah. Good choice. Why badger? I don't know. They're grumpy and nocturnal. Are you trying to suggest something? Well, a little bit like the, yeah. And then, she knew when to do a list. Badger. Oh, okay. And then, I don't know if she know Brian Jock. He's a little puddling rider. Right. Sound and dust, run like. Red wall, that kind of looks bad just for cool enough. Okay. And I'm last. Okay. Look at my sad, sad giraffe. That looks good. No, no, no. It ends up looking like some kind of a dinosaur, but whatever. I don't know even much about giraffes, but I just love the way they look. They're just such odd creatures, you know? I like that they're so unique in individuals. I like that they're so unique in individuals. I like that they're so unique in individuals. I like that they're so unique in individuals. I like that they're so unique in individuals. I don't know much about their behavior or anything though. I've seen a couple of what they really have to. You can like the way they look. Okay. All right. I guess we're getting straight back into business here. The selling price for our remote is going to be 25 euro. And our profit aim is 50 million euro. We're going to make this an international product marketed in the states. Europe and Asia. And our production costs to make that profit is going to be a max of 1250 euro per remote. Okay. So we're going to talk for a little while. Here are some topics that we might be able to discuss. Our experiences with remote controls are first ideas about this new product. And our first ideas about this new remote, anything that you can bring to the table for this project. So. Yeah. You want to start us off? Anybody have anything to offer? Well, we want to make a multifunctional remote, right? Right. One remote for everything. Right. Everything in G. We have what sounds system, TV, DVD, VHS. I think they'll be facing VHS. Yeah, TV. But it's still there. Okay. We're going to do it. It needs to be compatible because universal remote controls are never universal. They're never universal. That's right. Especially if you buy a not big product DVD player, say, usually it doesn't work. Oh, it's not. If it's not one of the things. Yeah. Yeah. So we're going to have to figure out how to cover all the different variances in signals. And we need an insanely good instruction booklet because you always have to reconfigure all your contraptions to go with the remote anyways. Okay. And another thing that I think is important is the design of the product, how it feels in your hand. If it's just flat and kind of boring, those don't, nobody wants to buy those anymore. They want the ergonomic one. They want like the flashy little ones. Yeah. They're like, this keeps on this big. One's that look high tech too. But at the same time, I'm still looking. Right. So that people like that. People are something with the curvature like that matches the curvature of a hand. Yeah. Okay. Anybody have any experiences with remote controls that they can remember that? There's a fast ones. Yeah. That's true. What kind of battery would we want to use? Because battery changing is usually AA. Okay. Does some of them use triple A's though? Yeah. Some use triple A's. So, double or triple? Yeah. I guess that is. We need to do triple A, we can. But most people usually have double A's around. Okay. Yeah. But that has to do with the size of it too. Well, as long as we know that issue is. Yeah. If we wanted to be more thin, then we'd probably want to go with a triple A. But go with a small, with the battery. It's okay. We don't have to decide about it now just as long as we remember. Battery type and size is important. Okay. Anything else? All right. Move the loan. Oh. We're closing the meeting. Next meeting is going to start in 30 minutes. Here's what we're going to do. The ID, which is who? Okay. You're going to think about the working design. What do you think of it? Okay. And you ID. The technical functions design. Making sure it does everything that we need. The functionality of it. Operating all those different things. Okay. And the marketing person. Courtney is going to do the user requirements specification. I guess that means specifying what exactly the user is going to be looking for. Right? Right. I would think so. Okay. And you're going to get more specific instructions emailed to you in just a little while. Okay. So does anybody have anything they want to say before closing the meeting? Okay. This meeting is officially over.