 Every time I do something I forget. Right time attached, I'm here. Here? Yeah. Excuse me. We are... The meeting will have the same format as the last time, so same as much switching over up just left and went first to screens day. I have mailed you the minutes of the last meeting just to save time. Okay. Cool. And... Is there any questions you have for the right from last meeting? The particular monitoring. No, I don't think so. Okay, cool. Then we shall start with a presentation from that. Yeah. Hi, Miraj again. In this meeting I'm going to discuss about the trend watching. How this trend is going to affect our market potential and how important is this? So we have to look on this. First of all, methodology. The methodology to find out the trend was done in a way. We have done a recent, not only recent remote control market survey, but we also considered the latest fashion trends of the market. Because we think that this is also a factor which will affect our sales and profit. So what are our findings? In our findings, we have seen that when we did our remote control market survey, we found that people do have preference for the fancy remote controls, which look and feel very good rather than having a functional look and feel good. So this clearly indicates their preference for the design, their outlook of their remote controls. So we should consider this factor as the most important factor. Because this factor is twice as important, the second factor which is further, the twice as important as the third factor. So this factor becomes the most important factor in our mark, means in designing our remote controls. The last one is the most important one. No, the first one is the outlook of the mobile. It should have a fancy outlook, a fancy design. Rather than just having a functional look and feel good, it should have a fancy look and feel good. The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically innovative. We must have some technological advancement in the remote control rather than just putting it as it is as the other remote controls are. So it should be technologically innovative like glow in the dark or speech recognition, something like that. So that indicates our technological advancement. The third most important aspect to take into consideration is that it should be easy to use. Like it should have been too much complicated. There shouldn't be too many buttons on this remote control. It should have been too complicated like this way. And customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language, something so that they could know how to use these remote controls. When we did fashion, our recent fashion update shows that I'm not sure if it's a good one. How do I know how to incorporate that? Yeah, we have to, because you can see how people have related their close shoes and furniture, everything with fruits and vegetables. The world is now changing its strength to our organic, becoming more and more organic, becoming a big sponge. Yeah, that's very good. Something like that we should do. People, the feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look hard look. That's good. So that they could play with it while handling it. That should also be taken into consideration. These are my views. The spongy, not real spongy. It could be like rubber when we get it. The rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable, that we can take into. It shouldn't be any harm to the environment also, because our company is very, very repped for taking all these concerns into consideration. So we don't want to have any harm to the society. That's all. I think I'll find out when I think of that. I remember it from the control. Yeah. Next year, whether any factors that weren't important in the survey, that they said we don't want to find out any such points. Yes, there could be, but we couldn't find out any. So what is it? Function, I think. Yeah? Okay. Yeah, you're 30 just. No. You think no? Is that Unday? Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Okay. And then F5, right? Okay. So the interface concept, the interface specification, what people, how they interact with it, basically, I think. So the method we looked at existing designs, what's good about them, what's bad about them, looked at their flaws, we're going to look at their flaws and everything. And what the survey told us and what we think would be good. So a bit of imagination. The findings, I've got some pictures to show you. Yeah. Okay, so most remote control is these graphical interface where you have got buttons and you point it rather than having the output as a stream of text or something. And we also found that there's inconsistent layout which makes it confusing. So I think there are remote control. There is some inconsistency already in existing between remote controls, but I think the standard kind of shape and play and those kind of buttons, like the top right for on and off, something I think you'd find that important because it's easy to use. And we've got some pictures of some newer remote controls to show you. Do I press Escape F5? And I'm just a Escape. Escape, okay. Oh, I see, I'm going to class these ones. Yeah, okay. So these are the some of the pictures of existing ones. I'll just go through them. This one is Voice Recognition. And that's the kind of idea we're going for. There's an LCD thing which we thought could get a bit confusing and a bit expensive as well for us. This one is got a kind of scroll like a mouse which... Like the middle button. Yeah. Okay. But I'm not actually sure how you'd use that. Like, would the computer come out? If I'm thinking of the right one, I've got something in front of my monitor. You scroll it and then when you reach the sort of menu item that you require, you press. That's like the LCD one, is it? But the one below that has got like a little scroll function on the side, but I presume that the functions must come up on the TV screen. Yeah. I think that's what that is. So these are just a few I did. Again, that's just quite boring shape. Grey looks quite space-adjee, but too many buttons I think. And that one... Yeah, it looks like something else. Yeah, it does look kind of dangerous. This one I thought was really cool. It's got the programability function that we talked about. You can put it in there. It's for your kids and it's quite an organic shape. And the little circle around there is pretty cool. And that's really easy to use, bright. But I like this one a lot for our design. I think something like that would be good. Of course, yeah. I mean, the one thing I think about it, but these ones is these secured areas. I've seen a lot of them with the cover of the missing. So I can have it heading, showing it. Yeah, that's true. So maybe that could be built into one of the things and it comes up on the TV or something. And this one, the oversized one. I don't know about you, but I think it's a bit too gimmicky. I don't think that will sell. Or is that not sort of to assist the blinders on things? I guess so. I don't know. I think that's a bit... Fine, don't watch TV. Exactly. Maybe it wasn't too. Yeah. And this one is just pointing out... I like some of these things, the raised symbols and everything, but it's pointing out that this one, the volume, it's kind of pressing down, but it would actually go up because of the shape. So that could... that's a bit confusing. But the buttons on this, I think, are... It's just showing you how you can have different buttons and it ought to be all the same. So that's quite cool. But people tend to recognize certain shapes to do certain things. Yeah, exactly. So there is some of the findings. So we need to combine those ones. And I've just got an email from our technical department saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in. Yeah, it is, just in time, very handy. So I think maybe incorporating that in our design would be good. You program it like you say record and then play and then record play machine and stuff like that. And it's much... Yeah. So that's quite cool. Person preferences, just some imagination. The raised symbols, I feel good. The LCD. It does look smart, but I think maybe for our budget, do you think that would be a bit too expensive to have the... The LCD. Yeah. And the other stuff, I think. And the speech recognition. I think we're definitely going for the speech recognition. But in our market survey, we have seen that people are willing to pay more. But they want the quality, they want the fancy, look, they want some new design, something new. And our budget. Yeah. So even if we increase our costs a little bit within some limits and we give something new, technological, advanced, as well as new design with fancy outlook, I think we'll meet the requirements and we will be able to have a good sales. Okay. In the market. I'm not sure if it's 25 years raised, 12 years, 50 manufacturing costs, I think that might... I can't say. I mean, three, sure, they have got... I mean, they are going crazy with the LCD technology now, so that you've got your LCD TV to the rhythm. So maybe the small one. I mean, like, I have the black and white, I guess, it just doesn't look funky enough. But, I mean, like, even mobile phones or whatever, I have color LCD screens. Yeah. I mean, I would know about the cost of them. But, I'm notwithstanding, isn't too complicated, is it going to be too much overload? Yeah, that's a thing, because... It will be easy, because there will be on LCD screens, there will be different, different icons. They can just click, okay, whatever they want. When you use remote control, you never look at it, right? Yeah. You're looking at TV. That's true, yeah. And it just seems kind of like a... And one of the survey findings was that they wanted easy to use. So I think I'm not sure about the LCD. It's a great, it's a good idea, but for a budget and for... The thing we're trying to go for is easy to use. It's not the thing we should go for, I think. Child friend, I thought this was good. As you pointed out there, the bit often goes missing, especially with children. But it's a good shape, and the organic is kind of... We could make a vegetable-y kind of round shape, I think. So which... Yeah, I know carrot. So since we're going for the company colors, I think your lemon wasn't... Yeah. If it doesn't work, you know? But we don't want it to be... Yeah. The child friend, yeah, easy to use. It seems quite easy to use. I like the different shapes of the buttons and stuff. I think that's a good idea to go. I like the colorful buttons as well. And the mouse one, I thought it was a good idea because people use my... My mouse is now with this scrolling thing. I mean, we are marking the sort of 35 to 35, so most people will have come in contact with us. Yeah. So they'd be able to use that. As I said, I think I'd presume it would come up on the screen. Yeah. So there you go. That means you get to bump that bit to the TV, maybe. Yeah. So that's the user interface. It's the same. Okay, take this out now then. Okay. So I guess there are a lot of options that we're going to have to choose from among. Yeah. And I'll give you the technical considerations for those. I don't know. I don't use a whiteboard just because we haven't used it. Yeah. I was just thinking of the self-saving. So the one thing to do this is we're going to take a look at some old and no controls. See how they work. We use the whiteboard kind of essential pieces of it. And then we'll throw in our new innovations and keep it all in budget. So looking inside a very simple and not control. Just what they sent me. Okay, here's the competition I suppose. You open it up. There's a circuit board inside. And there's a chip processor, the TA-10835, which receives input from the buttons. This is a standard off the shelf kind of a chip, because it's very cheap. And this is a cost nothing. So that takes the signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it sends to the amplifier, which is made of some transistors and amplifiers, up amps. And then that gets sent to the LED light, which I can see is a red light bulb. And that sends out the infrared light signal to the television. So this is kind of the bare essentials that we need to have in our remote control. So can we make them to pretty much any size we like or is there a minimum amount? No, I mean this is very old one. So now we're going to do technology. This is going to be a minimum of small and cheap. Almost a key thing. Right. So this is what we need to have for certain. So as I said, we got the outer casing, the tripped side. It's going to be the board. We have to use this, the same setup processor. We'll play you some more advanced processor that I had. Amphired transmitter or all standard. So for the casing, this email I got from our manufacturing team. We have a bunch of options from wood, titanium, rubber, plastic, but not latex, dull curve, per. So lots of choices. What do you think? Well, I mean latex has a kind of spongy feel to it. It has a very elasticy feel for sure. And that would also give it kind of durability. And it's also relatively cheap to cast. So I'm going to base a sort of initial plastic with a latex kind of she. Okay, so here are a plastic latex. I like the rubber, the stress balls, I think, you know, that could be a bit of a gimmick. Like it's good to hold. So something with give to it? Yeah. Okay. And that might be quite durable and easy to chuck around. The color is yellow, right? Yeah. Or at least incorporate it. Yellow incorporated, yeah. Okay. I mean, I forgot to say, I don't know, other standard silver kind of other parts. Yeah, the buttons, like, because there's going to be the cover, the rubber or the plastic casing and then the buttons and probably two different colors. Or if we're having buttons, actually. So yellow, everybody. And then what color for the buttons? I quite like the multi-colored buttons, you say? Yeah. So multi-colored buttons. You do have ones like playing, could be green or on and off is red and stuff like that, yeah? Yeah, or yeah, maybe it's the moment of color so it doesn't look too childish. Yeah, that's true, because that blue one did look quite childish. Although I mean, this also comes to shape as well. I mean, if we are going to make it a double curve, it's good to me if we're talking about it. So, ergonomic and easy use. Yeah. It'll be come for you, you know? Yeah. Okay. So, we're going to make the shape we want to go. How exactly, maybe? Like an hourglass kind of figure, is that what you're thinking of? Or just like it? Yeah, that's sort of comfortable to hold, easy to hold so you don't drop it. It's not what I'm having. We could make novelty remote controls. Well, yeah, I mean, like, if we could have a big banana shape, remote control. Because yellow. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And a lemon might be a little bit more. But then how would you point it? Yeah. How would you point it? What? It doesn't matter which end point. You could have a little LEDs in the chat. Yeah, we could. Yeah, I appreciate this idea, because then this. This will help us in our advertisement also, and we can relate it with fruits and vegetables. The people's choices that, whatever data shows that. Yeah. What do you, um, um, are you read the banana idea? It's a spongy rubber banana. I mean, yeah. Okay. It does seem like a, again, childish movie. Yeah. I think maybe just draw on the kind of free and vegetable shape. What else did you say about fashion? The fashion trend shows that fruits and vegetables. Like, people, uh, no spongy. And then a file. Yeah. So it has a stem, perhaps. Maybe. Yeah. It would be some. Like, what's, what's that? I don't even know the name of it. Some kind of, you know, it's like, looks like a little snowman kind of thing. I don't know the name of that. So it looks like this kind of? Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Like a chord? Yeah, maybe that's a thing. Because that you can hold it in like bottom bit and. And it has a clear top and bottom. Yeah. So you know, it transmits from the sand. Yeah, why the hell not? I don't know. What do you think? Um, well, I guess it's kind of, you don't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit. Just have that kind of fruitish shape. Yeah. Yeah. Then only we get a little bit. Yeah, something by advertising. Yeah. Exactly. So double curved, single curved. Yeah. Or we can do something. We can design two, three shapes. And we can have a public survey. Let the public choose what they want. That's a good, well, that's a good idea. Okay. Okay. I guess since you're the marketing guy. Yeah, sure. I will be happy to do that. Okay. Yeah. And bussens would do we say different shapes or buttons? Um, I mean, for the specific functions, you know, up and down, um, play stop. Okay. They've got, I mean, they've got standard sort of intuitive, um, things that are always used. And, it's like that. Yeah. That's cool. I like it. Um, with a scroll wheel or no? Yeah, what about the scroll wheel speech recognition? Uh, speech recognition, I think. So we need a microphone, presumably. I could put the microphone here. Uh-huh. Yeah, that's my phone. Yeah. Where should I put it? I mean, uh, uh, uh, are we sure that scroll wheel does give ease of use? Yeah, I'm not sure. Um, I mean, those ideas I saw were just for inspiration, I think. I do not know. Um, yeah, I can, um, sir. Okay. I couldn't do some user tests with scroll wheel. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, I think if this, this new software for the same recognition is that you can keep it in the microphone. So should the microphone be just anywhere on it? I would put it sort of sub centrally. So it's, yeah. Yeah. So it can be sort of held down. Um, we're really, really going to need to hold it if it's going to be a vice recognition. Um, not what we can... Oops. So let's not use the whiteboard anymore. Yeah. Um. Oops. Easy. I'm sorry. And so what else was the, um, the, what about the glow in the dark thing, the strip around it? Are we just going to need that? I still like it. I like it. But that's me. Because we've got the technological innovation with speech recognition. Yes, some of it is just going about too far. I mean, we are pushing it probably, but it's not. Because it's not. Yeah. And don't want to sort of. Especially with yellow. I don't know. Because I mean, like, I mean, how good is the speech recognition thing? Do we want to go for buttons at all that we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit. Do you put in the fruit bowl? Yeah. You know, and then you just talk from a... Everybody's got fruit bowl in front of the tail. You could even encourage healthier habits for television watching. Yeah. Make them think of fruit. Yeah. Just make sure they don't eat them up. I mean... Yeah, do we? I mean, like, think of a fruit that could sit. So then the pen will lay on its own like an apple. It's just apples. So yellow apples, though. I quite like the design of that. Because that could sit on its own. Yeah. It's quite a steady base. Ruby. And as we say, we don't want to be too ridiculous with the fruit things. Yeah, about the speech thing. It doesn't have to be handheld, of course, making a steady distance. Yeah. So, I mean, like, you could actually... Yeah, it's a good chance. Or we can do one thing. We can just have a remote control and caching some different different shapes, different fruit shapes. In such a way that any caching can be... Could be fit into this mobile general piece. So whatever people want, like if somebody wants it in banana shape, we will put that casing onto that mobile phone. So, it will look... And yeah, in that way... You said about disposable things. Sorry? You said about disposable, early people want disposable things. So, you know, like... If this is a mobile phone, we will design caching in such a way like, half of... We need not to have a full cover. Yeah. We will just have a half of cover, okay? Like, if somebody wants it in banana shape, we will fit banana shape caching. On to that. So, it will give a banana shape look. If somebody wants it in apple shape, we will design that. We will put apple shape casing on that. It will give apple shape look. So, in that way, you can have any... Means whatever you want. Okay. Without... Yeah. You will need the buttons in the same place. Yeah, button will be on the upper side. Yes, there's no need. Buttons will be on the upper side. Oh, that's the other side. Buttons will be on the upper side. Lower side, we will just put the casing. So, half of that will be... Yeah, not the upper side. So, from lower, you can... Means while you are holding from this side, you can have banana look or apple look, whatever. So, in that way, we need not to have different, different shape, mobiles, everything. We will just design caching through shape. Okay. I think if you're going to have a fascia, then you want to have it so that it does go for the buttons. Because I mean, if you think about it, if they're wanting it because they want to look at it, if they're using it, and what they want to look at is facing away from them, it doesn't really... You know, because that'd be in the palm of the hand, we'd be able to see. Yeah. Unless you have, sort of, you've got the buttons option on one side, you get the fascia on the other side with the microphone so that you can place it face down, and you've got the fascia, and you can just talk at them. Maybe. Okay. So, you've narrowed it down to half a dozen options. I guess we decide on the material, right? It's spongy, latex rubber, everything. And the color is, we got down. Yeah. Maybe we'll just make it kind of mix and hatch, type of shape, or... Well, because... Well, I'm not sure if we should go so far in the whole free thing, because I think we should maybe just take the inspiration from the fruit. Okay. We're stuck with what we've got there. Yeah. Well, I think we're trying to get to 25, 35-year-olds, want it quite trendy as well. They said they wanted something that looks fancy, and I think maybe fruit could be a bit of a... too much of a gimmick, but something ergonomically shaped and organic, like good to hold, based on fruits and natural things like that. Okay. Already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow, you know? I mean, we could make it a nice pale yellow. Well, it's kind of got a VR company, so... Okay. So again, I mean, like we could have... I mean, we could quite easily have the mean body be a different. Yeah. Maybe we could have that pale yellow and then an outside bit bright yellow with you said the slogan. Just like going round here. I mean, not necessarily that the whole body has to be of the company color. Yeah. You know, blue and yellow tend to go through our well together. So you have the main body blue with the yellow, the local and slogan running at one side of it. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. That's for the energy source. You know, almost every, you know, probably it's just batteries, but we don't have to be limited by that. We can use a hand dynamo. Uh, it's great. I think it's basically the more you move it, it's got everything inside that just kind of powers it. So it's watches, they... Yeah. Oh, it's a dynamo? Yeah, I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like with those watches that you can twist, yeah. So it's quite cool. You should get... I'm not a reaction anyways. Yeah. But, but do you think that it will be a good idea to use dynamo? Yeah, these type of cells, because then people have to... Like if this head is out, that's a little bit... A little bit of an omitation to... Yeah, to... Especially if they want to use it specifically as voice activated. Yeah. Because most of the people... And they have to pick it up and then activate it and then... Yeah. Okay, that's true. Right. What are the other options? Uh, there's solar power. Uh, solar power will also not be a good idea because then they have to keep their mobile outside and solar energy and the days when there is no solar sunlight. I'm with Raj on that. Yeah. I think... I just... I'm not facing how it's the solar power. Yeah. I think we should rechargeable. Yeah. Battery will be a good idea. They can... I mean, I'll buy that idea. I have an idea that I thought... Um, just on the basis of like ridding them of batteries and that kind of... They're very environmentally friendly company. Having a rechargeable stand. So that not only... Yeah. There was a stand but... Um, for using it as... Recharging it but also for using it as a sound recognition. Like a hand... Like one of those portable phones. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, uh, a rechargeable battery. Yeah. Okay. Um, the user faced the buttons... I guess we talked about this right? Hmm. What's chip on print? What's... Hmm? Sorry. Nevermind. Yeah. The electronics, um, basically the more features we add. Um... So the more features we add, the... The more features we add, the... The answer to your chips we need to buy... Hmm. ...and put in which adds the cost. Hmm. ...and we'll expect. Um... But, uh... I think we can keep it all on the budget. So, uh... Yeah, so the speech thing you said our... Our technology, our research and development department came up with some breakthrough. Mm-hmm. So... Just in time. We're just having buttons on the speech then, and we're getting our cheapest option of... ...chipping. Right. That's good. Oh, okay. We're kind of... Keep the end of the screen out. We're kind of, um... I've just deleted that whole thing. Um, we're kind of running out of time. So, if you could... Um... ...tich chich chich... Was that you? Um... That means you're a bit discovered off just now. Oh, yeah, that's... Just accidentally deleted what I was supposed to see next. Oh, excuse me? Um, yeah. So... Oh, yeah, I'm sure I think... Yeah, mine seems to turn off. I've not done anything. I just touched the path. You just touched the path? No. No. No, it's actually shut down. It's on, but there's nothing to do with it. Okay. Um... No. What... We have... Our next meeting is in half an hour. And what I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in Cle. Oh, I guess you do it too. Yeah, cool. It's for us. Yeah, so, um... You know, I mean, luckily we chose a nice simple shape. Yeah. Um... And further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches. Okay. Hey, that's great. Save everything to the shared documents. Is that it? Oh, yeah. I hope I can recover this because of that. So, we deleted it. Mm-hmm. Which doesn't really help you much. I think I'd save mine already. Yeah, can you save that? I send that last one again. Please, Raj. I still can't find it on there. It was under a different name. I will show you. And she heard the question. Okay. Uh... Working components. Oh, you didn't get that. No. I will send it. Okay. I will put it in shared documents again. Um... Yeah, project documents. Project documents. Sorry, I put it in the shared documents. All right. That's actually... It goes there automatically. If you put it in project documents, project documents is on the desktop. Right. That's great. But I can't open that document. I'm not going to open it. I'm not going to open it. I'm not going to open it. I'm not going to open it. But I can't open it. But I can't open it. Because it asks for some user name on password. Okay. I'll show you. All right. I think. Um... Hold on. Sorry. Yeah, I don't know if you... Just came up on my end. I'm not going to open it. Hold on. Sorry. Yeah, I don't know if you... Just came up on my end. On my agenda. Presumably, there's clay somewhere. Yeah, that's great. Right. Right. Right. There you go. Thank you. Yeah. Quite. And we're using the sort of basic chipset. So... It's all good. Sorry. Are we done with anything? Um, I think we're almost done. Yeah. You have to give your fans a present. Because I used your fan. Oh, oops. Sorry. Okay. Still didn't manage to get that. I'm not expecting that. I'm just going to get that over with. So yeah, the judgeable and... Uh... I'll pause. Okay. So come up there. Okay. Let's supplement. Let's supplement. Uh... See? Cool. Fine. She's got some fun. See, I knew that. I should have sort of engineered it so we ended up making a different, different, difficult shape. It's for cruelty. Yeah. Star-free. No, no, no. So we literally make it sort of butchers and everything. No. Are you ever going to do buttons? Right. Um, we are going to do buttons. No. Are you ever going to do buttons? Right. Um, we are going to do something. Uh, no, I think that's a discussion over and less than. Anybody's got questions? Confusions? No. Because I'm confused. Okay. Excuse me. Um, we'll probably get a question in a minute. It's, uh... Sorry. Thank you. Yeah. I have a go. A warning finished meeting. I ran into the up-farky fast. And then we're going to the documents. I said, I want my pocket documents. There we go.