 So, you're not seeing that there you are, that you've opened up the last one. Already exists, do you want to place it, is it? No. I said try to transfer it to my documents, but... Yeah, you have to close that window, because that's the save one, is it? I'll find it. Okay, I'll spread it. Yeah, but I'll just redo it. It's the easiest way. Okay. Well, yeah, I thought it would tie better. I don't know, I couldn't put it that way. I'll pass it around. You know, it seems like the curve on the sides. I don't know. It's almost curved. Like, up to the main display as well. And the little line at the bottom, and the bit, the panel, like you pull down, and the extra flash. I have a lot of that panel. And then the line. And we've got the stick on the bottom, with the company logo on. You also have an Apple slash chain design at the top. I've got this half-mine. So it is, yeah, a chain will be all right, actually. Yeah, it's a bit more fun, isn't it? Kind of not really, it's a thing. You think Apple, you think it's a computer, can't you? Yeah, yeah, we might get a copy right here. Of course, this one. It's a phone. Of course. That one there. I like the mute. Oh, that's the end. It might, it probably have to be later moved. I don't know. I couldn't have anything smaller with that. For the first time, I know this hard to get. They have the actual age of one there. Would you like to? Yeah. I would just choose simple shapes for all of them. The important ones on the volume ones are the mid-end of it bigger. You could possibly do it. You separate off from color the volume related buttons from the channel related buttons. So you've got the volume and volume on three as I met. And the channel on the mid-end. Right. All these things have cost implications. And so when I've done my thing on cost, I had assumed that the only button that would be a different color would be the right apple button. So however, I've no longer figured that to throw that. But yeah, so there would be a cost implication on that. And I suppose that's where the one to put in all these colors would be open to debate. I suppose. I have to, I wouldn't be too important. But we didn't have any life-pages. An important consideration. Right. Okay. So, um, and the second one underneath would be the idea for the... The other side of it. Right. Okay. So we've got detailed design meeting. Right. So, so we've got prototype presentation, which we've just done. Evaluation criteria. And finance. So I guess we have to evaluate if that meets the various aspects that we're looking for from our previous meeting. So other than the fact that it doesn't have the same color, right, that it doesn't have the same layer. But, um, obviously, obviously it would. But other than that, we've got the red apple, we've got the buttons. The only thing that's really changed is the... Is the coloration of the buttons. And... But after the evaluation criteria is the finance. And the cost implication. And the only scenario out this is that, because there's probably kind of importance. So, um, and then the production of evaluation has to... How easy that would be to manufacture. Um... And whether it would... So if you had to do a presentation, or you just... Like, on the prototype. Right. So, as far as the finance of it, we're going to be able to make sure that the cost by the production cost, because I remember that was one of the first incinerations, was to be under, um, 1250 or two and a half, 12 and a half euros. So, there's no redesign. So, that should... Right. So, it seems to me that the thing that I have to do is... Is quickly find that... Could we get us on the board just so we can see? Or do you have a bigger plan? Right. Okay. We could do this, we could go along with the production costs. Look at the price of that. Right. Okay. Okay. So, by the fact that we've got... a simple chip and the kinetic energy source, we've got a single curved case. We've got a rubber case materials supplements. So, we had decided that we're having rubber buttons and... Yeah, the press button. Okay. The button supplements. Well, originally, I thought there would just be one in there because it was the one-rayed apple. So, the real... The real question then we'd come in. Do you make all the buttons? Or do we do it on the first type? Well, so we've got one special button form which was the apple. Everything else is going to be a standard. We've got special material, rubber, wood, titanium, etc. So, originally I was thinking what rubber wasn't special, but according to this, maybe it is. So, I mean, effectively, we've got 16 buttons that we're going to have on there. I think you just do one thing. What? The set of answer is that it may need to be all 16 buttons. I mean, what's the option was maybe not to have rubber buttons, but just to have the one that was soft and spongy. And therefore, I think it's just a one else. Whereas it would be the special color. So, you would only have the one special button that was rubber, whereas the rest would be hard plastic. I think the button's up and there's just a supplement for all the buttons. It's been made in a different material. It's a custom purple. I would do it. Every design change is... I don't know. Okay. If we just had all the buttons as standard, except for the one red apple, then that would take care of that, I guess. We'd have one special color and one special button for them. And when I plugged that in last time, you know, remember it has to be under 12 and a half. As far as I know, that took care of the various supplements. And if... You just kind of put it under another one. It's on the top right. Maybe if you just move it to the top right hand corner, the little button's down. Now, right. But the point would be that if we... If we just did special... Sorry, you were saying that it would be that one that you would put in one there. Okay. So it was... No, it's 9.7 I've got. Okay. So that would... That would work out fine if... Assuming your correction or the... Assuming that one change covers all the buttons, and that would be fine. And there's nothing else as far as I can see that we would plan to... The switching on those money electronics, we've got this sample sensor. And then we can put it which costs 1,000. And the sample sensor, the sample speed could be the voice recognition. Yeah. Which puts it before. Which we slightly have a budget book together, something else that we're going to spend a lot of time with. You know, be going on the special one back, then we can have it. Well, for now. If we... Okay, that gives us 12.7. So maybe if we go... Maybe if we go to the special color, and get more sen color, then we can have the voice. But remember that the idea was to keep it the color of the... Oh, I see. So just take out the special color for the Apple one. Yeah. And then... Why don't you have to keep this in your check? There's a... You know how you turn that one? There's a... What if the check? Yeah, the sample speed that they separate things. Oh, possibly. Maybe we'll be giving it a little bit more kinetic. And go for battery instead. That would give you one less. Yeah, that was the one that was the best. But you reckon that... I mean, the thing is that you're wanting to appeal to people and not have to replace batteries. Yeah, yeah. Us as the whole technology type thing. You were saying in the market, there's people like kind of interesting gadgets. And whether they figure this sample sensor, the sample speed kit, or a technician who's over with, while things have kind of started to batches, or whether they were there or not. You know what I mean? The problem was the batch is running out. And losing there. Yeah. Using the mouse, you know, the size which is very good, more important thing. But which do you think, or which do we think, is the more important of the option? In a sense of the moment, a total which we need to reduce down by 1.2, at least. Remember that was a minimum requirement. The other option, if we're planning on just going for something cheap and cheerful, would be to make it... and originally we're going to make it a simple product. Show you evaluate the prototype as we've got it now first. And then to make decisions about what needs to be changed. Makes sense. So, I think we're going to have a little thing. So, we've got a node. It's 13.7 isn't it, with everything we want on. Oh. Sorry, do you want to know? Back up. Presentation to... Right. I think the voice spectrum issue can be really more impressive than the fact that it's going to be. OK, but remember the main... The only reason we were planning on having the voice recognition was so that we could find the remote that they got lost. Right, OK. This is about the evaluation criteria that we used for the prototype we've got here. So, the method is that the design team makes a post-type. And we evaluate the post-type against some criteria that we've formulated. And those ones are going to be in response to sort of market research. And we also find out, I guess, and did that on a scale from the true being one, a false being 7. So, it's now the true normal false. And that's a form. So, I've got a set of criteria just based on the marketing. We need to add in a financial one as well at the end. So, we have to say whether it's true or false that the product looks and feels fancy. Whether it's the product demonstrates technical innovation. Whether it's easy to use. Whether it's incorporating sort of the fashion elements to try to fly a buyer. And whether it's sort of recognizable real reaction product. And I have to go onto the whiteboard and take this apparently. I'll put it here. So, the first one is, does the product look and feel fancy? I'll do a scoop. So, we have a single care for which we can feel the product's working. So, okay. And we have the rubber kind of spongy feel in here at the time. Yeah. So, I'll put some fancy. I really did it there. Three. I think what is one? Also, is one true, I forgot. One true and okay. Seven is false. What was the initial? Okay. So, maybe two? Yeah, because we haven't got the double care. So, we'll probably go for one. Yeah. Or else everything will come. Okay. I'll put it underneath this. I'll go for some space. So, false is seven. True is more. So, I'll say about two. Fancy. Yeah, okay. We're not, maybe nearer three. Okay. I would do that with three. Well, there's just that, in a sense, I mean, remember that when you look down, you've got sort of a pearl, but really, other things you could have. And we're not going for these options. This is just like the look. Does it sort of look fancy rather than functional? Yeah. Suppose I'm like doing a practical collaboration. Yeah. So, there we go for two on that. Okay. And I mean, how much does the product demonstrate technical innovation? I suppose we were deciding between the kinetic power or the speech recognition. We had either of those prior budget, the above share, or the speech recognition. Okay. So, what about the prototype as it is? We've got the speech recognition on it. We're not the kinetic, but not the kinetic power. No. Because you're going for that. We took that out too. Yeah, we can't. All right. It doesn't know. So, it's pretty, the prototype as it is isn't sort of fulfilling the... Yeah, maybe about... It's got something that it hasn't got. Okay. Well, in 13.7, we do have kinetic. The problem is we have to reduce down from there to get it down to 12.5. And one way of doing that would be to take out the kinetic. So, it's very much dependent on what you do with your options. And if you're definitely going for the sample sensor and sample speaker, then because the other functions we've got in are more... The special material, the rubber wood titanium, etc. If you go for that, that's at the high end, because that's 0.6, whereas down it, just special color is 0.2. And you're trying to lose 1.2. So, it seems to me that if you're going for the sample sensor speaker, you're basically then having to go for the cheaper options on everything else. And the simple way to do it would be to have a battery, to have your sample sensor speaker. And then you're looking to take out 0.2, which would be come from the button supplements category. I'm just going to check exactly what it said in the email for... How much of a difference would it make if you were the KFC pastor? Because we did say that would follow the fashion range. What was the number? I'm at the Spangio. Interface type. Well, plastic rather than rubber. That would make the cinema difference. You could either... If you have a plastic rather than rubber, then that would enable you to get... You could keep kinetic then. You could keep your sample sensor and you were looking to take out 0.2. So you could fiddle that down your special form at the bottom or your special color at the bottom. And that would enable you to do it. Okay. So, as we make it slightly more fancy, then we use poison innovation. If we make it more innovative, then we use poison in the panicking stuff. But I just read the email again and it sort of says, evaluate the design sort of as it is, I think. So I think we need to think about finance after we've evaluated that design. I don't know whether we've done it in the wrong order or something. Well, okay. But... I'm not supposed to draw back as it is indeed. It's rubber as it is, yes. So, I mean, does this need to go up a bit or something? Because we've got both the... We've got 13.7 and we've got it in at the moment. And basically we're going to reduce down from that. But the current one you'd see would be fancy, would be two. Yeah. I've worked for innovation. So, we've got the speech thing. And I would have said about a two as well. Okay. Now, the next one is... I'll have to go in by a couple of minutes. The next one... Well, I can just sing about easy to use. I would have said yes, I would have gone for a one on that. There's a point in two. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's easy as well. And incorporate elements of fashion to attract buyer. Well, it certainly has some. Yeah, it's about the choice. Yeah. Yep. Say about the screen, maybe. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. It's doing quite well. I'm not looking at the facilities for the moment as it sciences. Yeah, I would have said two would seem reasonable. The product is a recognizable real... Yeah, the reaction product. This is the sense of using all of this. All of this product, all of this. But it's got a very big label on the bottom saying. Yeah. So this is about the corporate image of new sleek technology and all that sort of thing, as well as having the logo on and all that. Is it a recognizable product because it's fitting with the other products which are coffee makers and spacecrafts? That's what I'm saying. So it's kind of a sponge and rubberiness, maybe the more comfortable, then the sleek and light. Yeah. And just why you like it. Okay. So we're going for a... Two, three. Well, the logo would be more recognizable on the actual thing. It's just that the pen wouldn't really write on that. Sure. Yeah. I think the logo would definitely be recognizable. And it does have actually set a rather head up to three. In five, four, five. Right. Okay. Two. Right. Come on. That's how to say it. Right. So... Right. So we're now on to changing it to get it to fit in with the budget requirements. And then... Yeah. What is photo in the measurements? Do we add them up and make ourselves anything? Yeah, I think we sort of add them up so sort of an average is going to be... About a two. Two. 1.80s, yeah, something. I think anyway. So yeah, pretty close to two. Yeah. So I mean, it's pretty good at the moment, but it's going to get worse, isn't it? Yep. I make sure it doesn't get... It's weird to get that. It was a 13.0s set that... ...piles all the features we just had at hand. Yes. Yeah. So... ...you can do it too. Well, you can lose 1.2 and still meet two. Do you want to... The requirements. Get into your suite and get it up there. Okay. I put it back on. I guess this is the last stage, which was so that the finance was probably... I'm not sure. So we'll probably have to leave it there. Yes, so what I thought so. Yeah. Maybe it doesn't. So how do I explain that? Okay, so... What was it, control... ...and if it was... Oh, it's coming on. Oh. Okay. Right, okay. So you can see there that the... If you want to keep kinetic, right? You've got a choice there of going down to battery, which would save you 1. You've got... The sample sensor and sample speaker, which is your big item. Why should we just have a plastic case that we lose 2? That's right. Which gets us... ...which gets you... ...like within the budget range. Yes. Yeah, I think that's the problem. Because that was just a trend. We do have the rubber buttons and everything. So that's the problem. Yeah, seven. And then we can make sure we definitely had all the flakness happening. All right. Different colors, yeah. Because maybe the rubber case is a bit less in the corporate identity than a sleek plastic case. Yeah. Okay. Now we lost time all the time combinations. We've loosed a little bit on... So we've gone for plastic, yes. Loose a little bit on the fashion, yeah. But... Yeah. Now we know, yeah, that's the last within the budget. Do we actually have... ...we just have one special... ...only these special forms down here? Well, there was a debate as to how you would count them. You got special color, well, originally I was assuming we had the red apple. And therefore that was the special color. Yeah, I think we should just imagine white buttons. I mean, we've got all the numbers for another... Yeah. We've got 0.8 watts, we've got... Well, we've got special form. Now that would be one button. The question was, was that all buttons are just one button. Because our plan really was to have one button only with the special. Yeah. So no matter how you look at that, that would be the same. The other thing would then be special material rubber wood titanium. I think maybe the special color we've got three now, just because... Yeah. ...because of the volume buttons there. And I guess we'd have... ...once we're sharply with the moment, which is beautiful. So the special color you want three in there. Yeah. Which I think we should... Yeah, it's going to be five third. I think you just need two fifths special color because it's just two supplements. You know, one original color and then two supplements. I think maybe. That makes sense. Yeah, that's probably it. So we only need two for that. Okay. Because I mean, these are molded. The one color is going to be molded out of a piece of a plastic rubber. Okay. Yeah, I agree with that, I think. So special colors two. We've got special form. Is the one apple, the rest are all standard, although you could argue that should maybe... ...you were making these buttons down the bottom. I was presuming bigger than the other ones or were you? Was that the idea? Maybe that would be a second sub. Yeah. But it says it's by a second special form. Uh-huh. I would have thought that's probably about... Wow. Okay. So... ...then the rest is the vehicle. Right. ...2.2 so we're still... ...we're in the gentleman. Yep. That makes sense. So we'd say we've lost a little bit on the fashion. We've lost a bit on the fancy kind of... Yep. ...but James being in care of the other rights piece. Our assets. So you maybe put fashion... ...fashion it three rather than... So shall we do it? Two. Well... It definitely fits the... ...real product in the poster. What's the company name? Real reaction product. I'm not quite sure what does that have to do with it. It still seems definitely set that up, so perhaps if I see a new age... ...in a innovative... ...yeah. So... ...competing, then... ...having the collective feature and the voice recognition. Yep. So it's... We've got in for... ...another special form on a puttin. Then maybe they could be... ...a different shape. Like we've got a cherry one. Maybe the other ones could be... ...something else shaped. I don't know. I've been asking... I've seen as soon as it's cheaper to make them a different... ...series we've made it a special form. And that would sort of maybe keep us... ...close on the sort of fashion type one. And it would sort of... ...keep it quite fancy as well. I don't know. You could argue you might do it once a year. You would change... ...because at the moment you're making it right up. So next year you could make next year's... ...model the same, but have it as a... Yeah. Whatever a lemon, yeah. A lemon lemon or something. Yeah, we've got lemon, but it could be lemon, doesn't it? Maybe. Smell? Okay. So... Well, we got rid of... ...we got rid of... ...the plastic. Yeah, the main thing with change really is the casing, isn't it? I think we've saved quite a bit, so we've just got the push-burned... ...ins face, which is my part of the shooting. Yeah. So maybe in a sense, not having... ...maybe... ...blossom... ...we've lost something in the animation side. Yeah. And... ...specades like the most standard... ...paper-fer. So I mean, we've got rid of the rubber case, but... ...we've now sort of... ...got an extra form and an extra color for the buttons. So maybe in terms of sort of... ...fansiness and fashionability, we're pretty much the same. Yeah. Maybe so... ...we could maybe put two again on that. Anything else is stayed, can we say? Well, eases are only stayed. Yeah, because of anything the special form is made to us. Yeah. And what about the sort of innovation? We've still got the kinetic energy. Okay. And the speech. The future. Yeah, speech. And then... ...the corporate identity. I think we've cut just by the same thing as the last... ...as the end of the... ...hunt somehow the rubber... Oh, we play out. Yeah. When the weather that's considered to be sort of... ...part of the corporate identity, I don't know. Maybe not. I think more of the features of the actual control... ...will be more important maybe in the... Yeah. ...that's what happens. Be the way I think we've made a fairly close to what. Yeah. Okay, well, I mean... You know, we're gonna get any more... ...and the proper maybe... ...doing the whole thing in the kind of light shift. Yeah. But then what color would you like to add to ours? Zerks there, there, there, there. Maybe it's like a set design which... Oh, but you've got the company logo on there... ...which would... ...factorly be a stick on badge. So you're in a sense, you're comparing the product... ...without the company logo. And then... ...but you've got the space for it... Yeah. ...to stick it on. What's the company color? Did you get a told that the company color is... ...and it's not actually the star of the star. No, I just... Don't think so. But in the sense that as you saw with the Windows logo badge... ...it doesn't really matter. There's virtually... ...the way that you frame, you know, the Windows badge on there... ...it really doesn't matter what color it is... ...so long as our company's logo is framed in the same way... ...as that with like a black outline. In fact, they've got black and... ...white or black and silver. So basically, even if you had a silver... ...the same color of silver on your display... ...because you've got effectively a double edging on the logo... ...it means that it splits off what your logo is from the product. And that's actually quite a sneaky way of doing it. Because you've got a sort of... ...you've got point two to play with if you really wanted to. You could put in another... ...color... Well, in this one, you've actually got three colors of buttons. We decided that the blue ones were the... ...standard color. So you were talking about... ...we're assuming that all the buttons on the second panel... ...hidden away from... ...would all be standard. Which... ...may or may not be the case. So you saved the point two for the possibility. Well, yeah. But was it not a button that you were thinking of... ...on the other... ...on the second page, is it where... ...that you were thinking of maybe having a different color? I don't think so. I think if they were just small round blue buttons... ...maybe we'd be able to... ...but that would just be sick as well. I think in the seal the time we make it look good... ...and fit the kind of idea of what they want. And then for the more functional buttons... ...you know what it's much better to have that as like... ...puzzles hidden away anyway. Yeah. It's a sort of thing that... ...you want to pick up the controller and just hit a button... ...greetly to change the channel volume. So if it's dead obvious that that's fine with your opening... ...the panel and you're looking and you're tuning... ...then you're paying a bit more attention. So maybe sort of different color buttons isn't so important. Okay. Yeah. So we just add that to profitability and effect. Yeah. You still drop the cost. Right, so we're meant to finish up in five minutes. Same sort of function. Yeah. Quite too. It's all right. It's made a lot of money. It shouldn't only be the loser point in fashion... ...for the team. Because we've lost the overall spend. Yeah. Because it doesn't seem right that it just hasn't changed at all. All right. I think we said that... ...because we got rid of the rubber we put an extra... ...an extra sort of... ...shape on one of the buttons. Yeah. And I... ...let me... ...let me... ...let me... ...let me... ...let me... ...let me... ...let me... ...let me... I didn't think that was a sidewall that was. Well, we could have lemon shaped ones for the volume ones or something. What's with the lightning? Let's get there. ...stay. Let me... ...let me... ...let me... Did you have to have a rubber caseload for rubber buttons? I wasn't the way around. So we're all here this way round. Till the design team comes in and says get off. But you are the design team. So what better we are going to do? I can't just check if that's a cherry on that one. We would decide against the apple because of that one. Oh, right, okay. Just in case we get that point too for losses. Oh, rats of a bunch that over there. So what we even thought of in the parker on that scale? Oh, right, one for all. But it really has to fit into the budget. So I guess we have just some of the things to get it in the trailer. And we seem to madly something in this criteria. I just never thought that we should ask for quite cheap stuff. Yep. So do you have any other things to do this time? Right, don't you? What's on here? Okay. All right, okay. Okay. Right, okay. So, right. So we've done the finance bit. We've done the redesign. So we're now on to project process, satisfaction with, for example, room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, means access from whiteboard, digital plan, access. So we're actually now in our sense onto the evaluation of the course rather than the evaluation of the project as my understanding of it. So what did you, and remembering that nobody's sister over the curtain? So, um, which is good for this quick thing. Yeah. So, as opposed to the easiest way of doing it, is to put some notes down, which I will do. So, I think I have to finish that page. All right, okay. So, project evaluation. So, um, creativity. Did you feel you got a chance to express yourselves well enough? I got some of the divisions in between the sort of individual meetings, but the arbitrary individual meeting. Well, we were finding out various things in, in your own, in between the meetings. The one meeting didn't always follow on for the other one. There were certain things thrown in, the second meeting where, you know, you've looked at them, the remote controls, and seen the coveness part in the first one. You'd also looked at some remote controls and looked at the buttons. And I've got to understand why it would be in separate meetings. But you'd do that, you know, you'd sort of, you'd probably present it one or something like that. Well, the only thing you'd find is in a manufacturing process, you would, you know, you go to a meeting, you decide, right, you do this, you do that, you do that, then you go away, you find out information, you then come back, you then discuss it, you then go and change things around and then go back. Yes, this is the reason we always would be going out and finding more information. Well, as this time you're really getting from a database source, so it's not. Yeah. Anyway, so what do you want to put down? I've put seemed okay creativity, seemed okay. I'm flow of information on any given subject, given subject, sometimes disjointed. Yeah. I think it really could have been slightly more creative project, but in remote control isn't the most then... Yeah, the things. I've never thought it'd be that. I can't think of a better example. I could have used a different example to increase creativity. Creativity. So there's something everyone knows about and then creativity. Something you kind of least look at. You have to do it with an upset timeframe as the other thing. Yeah. I always think it's a bit restrictive just to say that you have to design a television remote control. It depends on sort of business here in I guess. I mean, this one seems to be one. When the website looks, it's quite innovative, but we're coming out with some bookish shop product. This is one of the things that's not like a range of products. I guess it could go sent out and buy a beef kind of... But the other thing is that I mean, I'm gazing that they're trying to use this software to demonstrate how you could do a project. I mean, my wife at the moment, for instance, is acting as a computer for... Normally, you've got a problem, so you go to your tutor and find out information to see how to get it fixed. So what she's doing is she's having to spend the computer terminal at one end so that any student that comes along can ask whatever question. And then you are the idea is that whichever persons at the other end can point them in the right direction, give them directly help, or secondly, point them in the right direction either at the library or come back or go and see job logs or whatever. So, and that was a project that I suspect similar to this because they were actually trying to debug the computer software to enable it to work. And of course, you had machine crashing and various things going wrong. So... All right, so we've got... Yeah. I mean, if you look at their products on their website here, real reaction. It's a pretty high tech, cutting edge. New ideas found that we find any? No. So, it's going to be with the Whiteboard, how an army digital pen is actually. All right. Leadership, teamwork. So, we did find any idea of a kinetic remote control. We've got to see more of them before. You've got voice recognition computers. Well, it's not remote control. What's a different application? Yes. Okay. The same products, but together, a different one. So, how do you reckon teamwork went? That one, okay. Yeah, I guess we all had some idea of this. Yeah. Two, a go. Reason, I'm playing well. Okay. I don't think so, the budget allowed us to do anything. The arbitrary. I mean, I don't think it... I don't think it fitted in with the rest of their products. I mean, I've got all these sort of high definition DVD. Portable, seven inch light weight computer screens. I think one cheap remote control is missing. So, we're meant to comment on leadership and the means, EG Whiteboard, digital pens, etc. And new ideas found was the other thing. I'm currently all fairly comment on leadership because we want a project manager. So, our experience in leadership wasn't really as much as yours. Now, I'm much more sure I'm not getting to, but... I certainly didn't get this computer to work as well as I would have liked. However, the means of Whiteboard, it's a really equipment. It worked. Computer could be a bit difficult at times. I mean, I'm not sure I see the values. I mean, they record what you're writing. And then, what to do with it? Where do you get the recording? There's a little... There's not just for us, but it's better. There's a little chip, I think. It was for the interesting thing. I like what video I was going to play with. I don't know. Whether it just produces a big image of everything you've written or something. No, you don't have to pay. New ideas found, so one or two? Kinetic, powered remote control. What was it, the one? Voice. Yeah. What was it? A. A. A. And voice. With a voice activated. Voice recognition. What was it? I don't know. Other cost for the budget. Yes, is the project evaluated? Yes. Don't forget to complete a final question. Let me explain why you're then celebration. I think we've got two questionnaires. Yeah. Report on the last bit. So, don't worry. I tried to save this last time at 12.3 and it doesn't seem to have saved anywhere. The figure last time was different. It should be post.