 ear Is this okay? Ah yeah. Oh it's not liking us. It went that way. Computer adjusting. Oh. Ah. Okay. So. Alright. You ready back there? Okay. Welcome everyone. This is the kickoff meeting for the day. We're the new group to create a new remote control for real reaction. As you can see our agenda is to open up the meeting, become acquainted with each other, have a little training on tools, create a plan, discuss things, and we only have 25 minutes total. Okay. The new remote control is to be original trendy and user friendly. That step is your part as the user friendliness, the originality. It's going to take all of us. The trendiness will probably get look at some marketing research information from you, Sarah. And we'll get on with it. Okay. We'll have a functional design, individual work, both meeting, and then conceptual design, and then detailed design. Okay. Right. Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard. Kate, why don't you try it first if you can either bring your things with you. I guess you're doing that. We'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well. As raw as a rock and a rock around. Right. So you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal. Do you have to be able to recognize what animal it is? I don't think so. I think it's just to try out the whiteboard. We're all going to draw a cat. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. We should have a mouth as well. And the characteristics of the cat, the whiskers. They're the easiest to draw. I'll give it a small detail. Since your handy as well, when you do yours next step. I think it's to get us used to using the panties. Sure it's not to test our artistic. But no. It's a mouse. A mouse seat. It's not a miceena. It's a one bat. So you're atty. A wood. Ratty. Not a mouse, a rat. A wood. A wet bat. A wet bat. A wet bat. A wet bat. A wet bat. A wet bat. A wet bat. A wet bat. And your favourite characteristics of that animal. Dead intelligent and the jiki and fantastic pets. I'm very friendly. Okay. They sit on your shoulder and whisper the answers to your homework in your ear, when you're doing your homework. Oh, a fish. Gosh, why didn't I think of fish that's even easier to do with a cat? This is very representational. I like them because they're sleek and they have a lot of freedom that they also do swimming groups. So you have a table. So you have a table. I'm afraid I'm with Steph. I don't think you're penned running out of whatever. But I'm afraid I take the cowards way out and the cats looking the other way. He's hiding. Cats are sometimes very independent. Parents had cats. And they can decide for themselves what is best. Okay. Now, we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this and this remote control has to be sold. We're to sell it for 25 euros with a profit aim ultimately of 50 million euros. That tells you something about how many we have to sell on an international scale. We'd be off a lot of these. We'd be like 100 million of them to make 25 euros on each one and make a total profit of 50 million. The production is to only cost 12 and a half euros per item. Now, if the cost 12 and a half, you're selling it for 25, you're making 12 and a half euros each. And we're to make a profit of 50 million. Can you do the math and how many are we selling? I was just wondering if that's the 50% is normal markup. Yeah. I would think we'd do more like 60%. Okay. We have two parts. And is your question as to how many do we have to sell? Yes, because our market is international and your problem has to do with marketing. You've got to know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have target. And who is that? To give you a pretty good idea of where you're looking. That's 4 million or something like that. That's 50 million euros. For 50 million euros and you're only getting 12 and a half each. That's a lot of selling. That's 4. To be 50, be 4 million. You have to sell 4 million. Okay. Right. Experience with a remote control. Any of you use a remote control for television or DVD or something? That's not interesting. So what are we talking about? We'll work for a home environment. Well, I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time. But I also have heard about them not working well or not well coordinated. And you wind up working with this one for this, this three. And then this one will work here for another. You know, you're sitting on your sofa and you want to change something. But it's five different remote. It's a one for the DVD and one for the video and one for cable and one for. They don't always talk to each other. I presume this is just for television. Don't know. Okay. Are there any ideas for them in the mode? What would it be for and what group would be for? We have to think about that one. We could make a hello kitty famed remote. I think we're going to write colors with picket. Yeah. We could totally go because of the Japan animation. Well, I mean there's also the cache that the Japanese make great products. Electrical. Their industrial designs very good. I think one that doesn't have lots of superfluous functions. Like I've got one at home that has well apart from the obvious channels, channel up, channel down volume. You know, subtitles mute. There's a lot of buttons that I've got no idea what they do. That's a really good point because I think one of the things that being somewhat computer literate, we tend to go to menus and then make choices. So if it's like a volume button, you can go in and say mute or volume. We don't need to have like the numbers. We also have a channel. We can make it smart like an iPod. We can make it in menus. Oh, closing easy. Yeah. I know this sounds like it was very quick, but the... I think that's the industrial design is the first one that's Kate for the working design. And user that's used Steph for the technical functions design and for marketing the user requirements specification. I think there's going to be a lot of... We have to help each other and work through this as a group. And I think we all... We like our Kitakatt and our Rat and our Fish, but I think we all have to like each other to get this done. As it says, we're going to get individual instructions. But I don't think they will out a lot of extra time. So I think a little bit of less of this and more it do set us in good stead. Do you all agree? All right. Then I don't see any reason to prolong it. And we should finish this reading right now and go into other things. All right. So this is the end of the first meeting. Okay. Thank you all.