 I guess you can do it. Did you get my email with the slides? I'm gonna change off soon. Yeah. Okay. I guess I have to change the pen otherwise. I don't know. Maybe the pen's supposed to go with the seats. Might be a seat for rather than the person. Okay. Yeah, I'm using it. Yeah. Yeah. It's making pace at me. Okay. So, Matthew is late again. Probably an important man. So, well, it is important for him to be here. Yeah. So, what I mean is that you did work together. Yeah. So, I would be able to summarize our meeting. But still, I think it would be very important if the main designer, I think, will be important that he's here. Yes. Yes. Basically, yeah, we designed two items. Yes, but we... Can we have a phone or someone? Yes, we should phone him. It's really well designed. When he's not here, we just have to continue. So, just for a record, I will take notes again. Okay. Well, first thing, I was... I got an email from my superior again that we really should stay within the budget of the 12 euro and 50 cents. He said to me, well, when you stay in, it's good. When you don't stay in, you have to redesign. There is no negotiation possible in this matter. So, we have to consider that. Good. So, maybe Anna, you can have your... No, we had a evaluation until we have a design. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Well, maybe then you can start now with presenting your designs. So, I will start by the basic one that fits into eight euros, actually. Right, seven, eight euros. And, well, first, for both, they have a special shape. Maybe the designer can explain better than me. But, it's like a surfboard. And you are supposed to surf to browse, to surf TV, maybe the web. And it's kind of interesting shape because unconsciously people want to surf. And also, it's not too far from a mobile. So, people are used to that kind of shape. Don't take care too much about the color because... No, yes, I'm supposed to give some more. So, here would be basically the infrared... I, yeah. LED. The on-off button. Here would be the volume on the left. Okay, easy to turn on and off. And so, this is a very cheap version. So, there are... Maybe you can carry on with you. Also, so, you have browsing the channels, actually, so you can go up and down the channels. If you have a video or something, you can forward. How can you change from VCR to... ...GV, by the way? No, no, no, this is a model with just a TV one. No, no, sorry. This is a standard TV one. We are not talking about that. And then, there are 12 keys, but we have only 10 digits. So, VCR 2 is for giving an option for having more than one channel. And the other one is for the teletext or something you wonder about through from that. Okay, so, it's a very basic... It's a very basic minimal thing which you can... ...which is also available in the market. Actually, that's what it is. And it costs us to build about 80 euros. Except for the special shape, the surfboard. It has a quite conventional layout of buttons. So, this one model and... Can I see? Yeah? Sure. Yeah, I like the volume control, that's good. This is a magic one, but right now we don't want to talk about that. It is a very futuristic, it's like a brain machine interface and all this stuff. We are thinking about it in the future it can come. So, it doesn't happen. So, that... Then what we look at? Yeah. This is a model, yeah? I just... I can't feel. I really feel like my mobile phone. Yeah. Just signing. Yeah, I really want to talk to it. But... Yeah, it will talk back. So, but continue with your work. So, well, then this is a... ...a little... ...a little smooth and it gives a lot of functionality in this way. So, all we have... You see that there are only six keys, but don't worry, they are... ...they are doing their job of tool keys actually here. And so, they have more space actually and it's easy to use this. And you have... So, this is a standard, you are as infrared eye and then you have a power button. You should volume what you have. And then other than that, you have a channel up and down and the slow... ...pouse or... Slow those. Yeah. Yeah. Suppose or stop and then you can... You have a LCD display here and this is the functional thing which can change like... ...it's a toggle switch which could change the function. So, DVD player to telephoto. Yeah, I think you can change it. Instead of having many switches and then you get feedback, fire the LCD. Yeah, LCD can display what is that on that. And well, you can have an integrated microphone over here. This is the oven. Or an oven button here. So, which can basically you want to do a speech recognition and the channel or whatever information can be displayed here directly on the... ...on your display. And here is a small LED which is like blinking one. Which tells you like are you running out of the battery and which is... ...can't be useful for the locating as I was talking earlier. And well, then we have a cover basically. Basically you don't need much of the time this... ...when you need you can use it. And this gives additional functionality that tomorrow you want. You can add a tactile thing to this cover. You know, the design. But when this is closed, it will also cover up the LCD screen. Yeah, it's basically to do that. But the LCD screen, I mean, it's very... ...well, an eye-attracting feature with... Actually, when you're watching the TV, when you're watching anything or listening to them, you hardly care about what is getting displayed here. And this gives a protection to the LCD, actually giving a cover to that, actually. It gives a protection because when it falls down or something, it's more robust. It's more robust that way. And you have very good chances. It's low weight. The components we put inside is very low weight. So the cost is actually a bit more. It's 16 euros. 16 euros. So that's where outside the budget then? Then it's out of budget. The main point we talk about that with our manufacturer. And they say it basically that the ASR system would be something like three francs per item. Three euros. Three euros. That's on top of the 16 or is it part of that? No, no, no, part of that. So it takes it down to 13 euros without the expected ignition? Okay. Yeah. Well, if you have new more ideas, we can add new more... Some more keys if you want to, you know. I think that we should stick with a number of keys because if we add too much then... Yeah, it's not a bit flattering up here. What is this one on the side? It's kind of a LED for indicating your battery. Okay. And as well as it's like a blinking one. You can keep it as high. Like the shape of them. I do like the size and the shape. Before talking about money and what's possible and what is not possible, maybe... And you can give a store. Okay. Maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products by these two. Yes, the evaluation and also the evaluation criteria. So what is important to look at? Best that is what we've talked about already. From the marketing point of view, we just want to make sure that we've taken into account. Well, just do it quickly if we all already are. So it's just a short list of criteria on the things that we identified as being important to selling the product. We just go through these and rate them as a group. And at the end we'll make an evaluation based on that. So just average the score of those items. So these are things we identified as being important. They show the three things we're looking to feel innovation and ease of use. The three important components. Appealing to the correct demographics. So using those things in the right way to appeal to our demographic. And then following the company motto, following the fashion trends and putting that into the product as well. So we'll go through those on the two products now. I do want to discuss them further and then evaluate them. No, why not discuss it now? Okay. So I've just got to throw in whiteboard, I guess. Which one is going to come in? So the first one was really very far below budget. Would you want to take the price down at the end product according to that or just have a high profit on it? It was running a megabyte of the eight euros and we have a... Well, my personal view is when this one is eight euros, we must think how can we improve it. And then I mean, you must just see it as we can still spend this for half a euro. And because the selling price is already quite fixed on 25 euros. So we just have to offer as much as value for the customer he can have for 25 euro. Okay, it's looking pale in a fashion. Come on. Generative, easy to use. Easy to use. Oceans target. And trends. Are we following the idea of using the removal covers on these? Is that part of my thermal? We can still discuss that. And together with evaluating this, we might come with new ideas in adding things or removing options because they are expensive. But I've received a framework which we can do this. Did you have this excel sheet? No. No. Okay, this is the latest price of our production unit for several components. So we can see whether the price is within any 12 euro or 50 cents. So maybe we can start with this calling this one. Yeah, so I think this is the first design. No, the one's green. Yes. Okay, so look and feel where one is a brick and a pen again. There is another pen. Yeah, get that one. One's bad and seven's the best. So it one's true and seven's false. One's the best. Okay. So I'll scale one to seven. Okay. So look and feel. Well, you already feel it pretty much, I think. It's empty out. In my opinion, purely feel is very good. Yeah, it's very good in your hand. So I would consider two or maybe even one for feel. But that's just half. We should also consider look. And then it looks quite conventional. Don't you agree? Yeah. On the scale, between functional and fancy, basically all looking at. So say, say five. It's my opinion, but I don't know what to give it. Well, I will give it to maybe. We have anyway, we have designed it like the surf. As we say, you know, it does look is fine, but still, I will give four in that case. Yeah, four. Four? Four, yeah. I would give you. Can you maybe fix the other? You should pray like this, not like this, or new. No, it can't get the batteries. No, no, the battery has fallen down. That's right. Is not the ink? Is that that one? Yeah. Is that true? No, no, it's not that. It's not a close-up battery. Okay. Okay, no it should be. I think it's lost a battery. I haven't tried. It's tried. No, it's still right, but it wouldn't pick it up with the sensors. Is that another battery there? Oh, yeah. You got it, sir. Trying. Oh, we got better tell. Yes, it is. Perfect. Is that working? Did it come out? Good. Good. Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working. It's just normal whiteboard marker. That wouldn't be picked up in the actual whiteboard. Yeah. Okay. So then the other one. The other one? Wow. I think it's slightly better. It's hard to tell from just the past scene. When we want to include, I'm doubting about this component. It breaks in your game. No, actually, this is not going to protrude actually. It's not a button, it's a LED. It's a LED, actually, which will be coming in a cow. Actually, it should be embedded. It should be embedded there. It won't be really, you know. You can protrude or push it again. You can push it. The other thing is it's left hand one protruding because if people left hand it then one needs other hand. Yeah, it works so well. No, it's not protruding actually. You'll go embedded into that. Well, I'd say two or three for that one personally. What was three than two? I think the look is better, but the feel is worse. So I would also say this is four. I like it. But do you think? Oh, it's fine, I think. No, just that the feel is that you, right now you don't see that feel because I don't know if you should place it quite inside. Now like this. Now it's embedded. This is how the embedded one is. Yeah, it's actually the same shape. Yeah, it's the base. It's basically the same thing, actually. You'll be except that in this. The LCD makes it better. You may have a slight thing for it to follow already. Yeah, it's definitely more fancy than that one. Yeah, okay, I would say two. Okay, so it consensus two or three. three two. Okay, innovation. First one, there is no innovation the first one compared to what exists in the market. No, but except for the design of the surf. Yeah, what pieces we actually include including like a location kind of thing I try to find it. I don't know, I think there's no other deal. But there's no actual innovation in that at all just to straight out remote control. Yeah, yeah. The only innovation is to shape. Yeah, so there's no that's a looking field thing that was not a technical article in the market. So I'd be up to seven for innovation. And the second one is really a state of the art. Yeah. In terms of innovation. And with many more functionalities, you can open and close the. Yeah, it is. Yeah, LCD screens. Yeah, that's that's that's well quite an all of the squaring brands and menu and pro programmable device behind this. It could be that one or two or two. Yeah. So what is what is the innovation this got the LCD screen? Yeah, automatic switch recognition. Is that in this one though? Is this because this is the no, there were two different options we discussed then we discussed the one that was in budget and the one that was out of budget. We just discussed this. Discussed as you all designed it and then we'll try to the cost for the budget. What was the cost for the first one? Eight. Eight. Well, actually we have to check again. Yeah. And this one was 16 years. Okay, so innovation for this one is two. One. That's all they would say. One and two. And to be one, what would we do in it? Actually, I don't see why? One would be without a button. Yeah. Well, this speech recognition is a very good innovation. Yeah. So maybe with the speech recognition, it's using speech recognition. Well, given that the works. Yeah. Yeah. Then it's I see one. Okay. Is it used? So the first one is restandard so everybody is used to it. Yeah. Can use it. Yeah, used to it. Yeah. So that's maybe a two for his abuse. Yeah. Here the may the other one is quite easy though. It has more functionality I think it shouldn't be for the user to learn it actually. So maybe a three or four. Yeah. Actually, in fact, I think it will be one. Yeah. Maybe sometimes people get scared with the number of buttons. Yeah, but there's like I would say three. Well, we have reduced the key actually. I would say three. It's fine. Yeah. Because it's like a big one with a 100 buttons. Yeah. Actually, the user has to put some effort to do use that. Actually, it's not so easy like this one. The normal. Yeah. But then when when he used to it, it's quite easy. It's quite easy. Yeah. Initially there. There's a lot of effort. Yeah. Yeah. So there's how well it goes to the target demographic. So it was still thinking 20 to 40 years. 20 to 40 years. This one would be for one mother. No, this would I would give this model to the whole people. Yeah. One mother. Yeah. So she completely changed our demographic there. It's not part of the funky young thing. Well, except for the surfing shape. I mean, that's something with as an appeal on this group. It was the very bottom price range. It was like between this and another one, which did the same thing. Then I can imagine it being appalling for the the demographic. Yeah. But still. We offer this. We can consider for instance making this more attractive to the demographic. So I've got room, but some budget there to add a few things to it. That's right. But as it is now, I would say six. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's so important. It was written that it was so important. The the look and taking care of it. It targets the right range of people. Yeah. Yeah. But very if you sell it in the market, it's going to be cheap actually. Yeah. But it's going to be cheap whatever though. It was set with it. And people can still decide to use a cheaper one. Yeah. Instead of it. But for us, it's yeah, we have a constraint that we need to sell at 25 euros. Yeah. There's nothing that would make me spend an extra few euros and that one rather than another one. Just think 25 euros. I mean, it's not going to be cheaper. Okay. So in that case, well, it's fine. And the demographic demographic of the second one. The demographic. It's got the toys in it. It's got the LCD screen. I think it's better because of the LCD screen, which really don't appeal on the on the on the on the on the YEP sign on the. Yeah. And if you want to target here, if we wish to sell four millions of this, I think for these agents, we need absolutely the LCD screen. So the LCD screen attracts. Yeah. Especially if we can have an LCD screen and a low range product and that's good. Yeah. Maybe that's something. Okay. So what what I probably go with three again for that one. Yeah. I think it has more market. Yeah. Yeah. Because tomorrow, this will be more appealing because you can add a lot of investigation on that. Because then you have it. You have a lot of things which you can include for the people. And especially I guess this is the sweet recognition as well. And that makes it more appealing. It's more of a new fun toy. Okay. We have to practically test it. The field test will tell you. Yeah. How good. Okay. You find a point. And the train. And the train. So the trains were the broken vegetables and the spongy feel. So as it is, not really doing either of them. I think spongy, that means it goes in the water. Well, the sponge could be part of the field of the buttons as well. And I some who tried them I well find that I've got the kind of spongy buttons. Not exactly spongy, but I'm thinking one of the knock years that's got like you can't, has got individual buttons that's got just one bit on it. And so you can, it that feels kind of spongy. This one includes this feature, right? It's one of the other buttons. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. So yeah. We can be. Okay. And maybe in the corral we can make it fruit and veggie. Well, that's if you use in the covers. And then we can. Or is this spot? Yes. We can, we can consider. Is it possible do you think to make a cover for such a phone? I mean. Well, I'm back up in my walls. I can't wait that much more. I do want to cover that actually. Just with the flexual plastic. So you got the option of having different colors or different textures? This is possible. Is it any show? Yeah, I think it should be possible like what you do with them. Or just two things which can be put on each other. Yeah. I do like not yet. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe we can, but we have to decide that we can put the fancy look of vegetables, for instance, to to these covers and now try to invest in the in the features. I think that if we do the cover that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in electronics, it lets you follow the latest fashion even next year when Frid and Vegetables not be at. You'll still be able to put new cover on it and then it'll still be in fashion. Because sometimes look at this computer, this laptop is all black and it's quite conventional and sometimes people don't like too much flashy colors like there's some presented here. So maybe we could do like in the range in the set of what we propose a black one. Yeah. Very standard one. Yeah. That meets the requirements of such people that want to really standard things. And then you have the option of having different colors. So that would make the trends equal. So we really have done that. Yeah. There's a picture that could be included in either of them. Although it is more with the Spandy buttons on the other one. Yeah. So it's a point better for the Okay. So. Two and three or one and two? Yeah. Yeah. Say one, two. One, two. Okay. Oh, like that. See. So this one has sponsored buttons. Yeah. It's that's it. One has fun. Mm. I see. Okay. Okay. So the average of that is three, six, nine, about five. So. One by six, one by five, one points, eight. One by eight. Yeah. This one 11, 13, 19, 21, or five is four point two. Yeah. One point two. Very good. Okay. But it's still at a very different price of those two. So they're not really comparable yet anyway. We must try to get them close for both. Or we just have to choose and adapt because when we choose for this one, we have to we have to make it more attractive. And when we choose to do for this one, we have to make it more cheap. Well, it's easy to make that one cheaper by just taking the speed recognition out. That will basically take us down to the budget. But I know. Did you work with the same prices that I have here? So I give, yeah, I just give it cool with the money picture and I expand them and they turn me this could be possible for six euros. Unfortunately, we didn't see this shit. Yeah. Yeah. Matthew. So maybe we have to recap with this one. Maybe we have to reconsider everything with this. Yeah. Well, yes, well, reconsider it. So let's try to model this this one in this sheet. What kind of energy source we didn't speak about that. It's a normal battery or yeah, it might it will need more than a commercial one. It won't be just maybe you might use a battery actually. What do you say? My for this one, it's a normal battery. Yes, it's a one battery. Okay. Electronics. I'll give him speed recognition. I think you should go for your fans chip. Yeah. Some birds. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So sample sense or yeah. Yeah, this one. Yes, this one. Okay. Case. So cloud double cloud. Yeah. It's high sea. Double car. Yeah, it's going to be more than just the basic case, definitely. So which one are we talking to? How are you talking about this? I think. Yes, we are talking about it, but they have the same shape, but yeah, the boat can be not basic cases. So this would be double cars. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. The basic one. Yeah. Zero French. Special color. Special color now we leave to the covers. So now we're going to push button or LCDs. LCD display. Yes. LCD display. It's okay. Let's say LCD display. Is that price per unit or for the whole? Yeah, then this is very, very unit. So with needs. So we made need a scroll. We'll write for that. No, for this one. No, for that one, also. The author. So yeah, that's a scroll. Two, three, four, five, six, nine, nine. Yes, 12. So this comes to 18. And this without any special button supplements. Yeah, one scroll. So we'd have special color, special form, special material, no, there's no more than. So I think, but did we agree that it's not double curved, it's single curved, right? Because there is no like, I thought it would be curved on two. So it's curved on the size and curved on the top of the button as well. There's nothing I thought. Yes, I know. I understand what you mean. This, you know, like this, there is only there is nothing like, you know, in the other stuff, you talk about concave, so I think we can put you think a single curved, 16. That makes 17 and whatever. The buttons we have tried so you show. We have more, we've got the scroll on the side. We haven't talked about the lead, but that's not the lead is very inexpensive, believe it, but it's not in the list. We've got a scroll wheel for the volume that way. Or is it some other thing that's not on there? Is this a scroll wheel or is this sort of button which can be pressed on two sides, so for Okay, we've got five minutes left guys, so we need to wrap it up pretty fast. Yes, it's kind of scored away. So this is even more than the, in the costume game, the 16-year-olds. Okay, so based on that, yeah, um, ways that is, okay, simply speak to you. That is the sample sensor and the sample speaker. So, um, let's do it, yeah. We just need that actually. We need one. We could go for the, for the, for the, for the, for a simple chip, but then we can have the the speed track nation, yes? Yes? No, we can only. So when we, yeah, but this would be cutting the speed track nation. Yeah, but if you have the near the LCD, you can, um, choose, select between, you know, universal between audio, TV and VCR, and this needs, needs an advanced chip. Trans-tip. Right? Hi. Oh, you're a chip. I think it's going to be. I think we could have to do that. We can do that. With the regular chip, yeah. We can do that. I got a chip. Okay. 15. So. So, and what about the number of buttons, buttons? Yes, that may be. Well, we can just say, Matthew. When you look at this, this, uh, item. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Look, we're just, when we just want to, uh, to cut the number of buttons, we have to make a seven to fill in 12, 1250. So is it possible? The seven basic buttons or seven buttons that any adds on with a special colors of all material. Then we have to ask the user to place itself. You're going to make a phone to your boss saying 2050 is really, so the else who plays is three francs. Sorry, three years by itself. And, uh, we don't want to change that right. We really want to add city. Otherwise, we would not get the market. Otherwise, everything you have a very normal, uh, thing like this. Yeah. So 12 euro 50, we got two off of the battery. We can't do anything about that. So, 1050. To what else do you display display? That's 750. So we've got 750 to use for the case and for the buttons. And the chip. So the chips up there already. So we're going to have to scale this down to get within budget. There's no doubt about that. So what each of us think about the, because it's a major point in the LCD. Um, you think it's important? Oh, we could even replace them by button. Sometimes when you watch the TV, in fact, you have a big display and maybe you don't need one more on your hands. I don't know. I'm just asking. It depends what kind of function you want to add into it. Yeah. For example, if you add two more factnality, then better you add two more buttons there instead of LCD display. Yeah. Which is that is going to bring the cost by two euro. Unless we can really drop these prices down, we need to get rid of the LCD display. Okay. So we can get rid of it and then add a couple of buttons. We want that. On the market point of view, yeah. What do you think LCD is a major feature? For the price is going to be what we can afford and it's looking like we can't afford the LCD display. There's no way we can get it in there. I think we have to come to a decision now. I think what we just do is fold about the LCD display. So you assume you want a democracy voice. Yes. Okay. Yes. One man, one world. So who thinks the LCD display should be in it? I'd like to be in but I can't see it happening. I think but we do. You're a power voter, a veto anyway, as a project manager. No. Yeah. But the only thing is that what is the multiple functionalities you want to include with that? Well, we have to make decision now. Yes. So having an LCD display is just have very limited amount of buttons. Is that acceptable? Can you, can you, for instance, be implemented in an... Yes. You agree. So having seven buttons instead of 12. Yeah. So it would be cutting, cutting, say about these buttons. Because one, yeah, show me that. Actually, we could, in fact, remove these three buttons and have three possibilities for each of the three here. Here one at the middle and the... I think we're really losing ease of use. That really could be another problem for the people to use it. It's not going to be easy. I think we should, we should cut the LCD screen. That's my opinion. No, it's okay. You cut the LCD scene and introduce two more buttons. Okay. So LCD is out. The speed rig out now? We've... The speed rig condition is out. Yeah. Where? Because of the budget. Yeah. Okay. Now we can just... So we basically back to the original one now, back to the first version. Which turns out to be on budget exactly pretty much with these new costings. Yes. So just look at, forget that one and look at that one now. Yes. Yes. I think we just go for this one. That now 12 euros is the... Yeah. It's the price, okay. My... Okay. My good price. So we glad that it's 50 cents. Yeah. Keep your money. Actually, yeah. So we don't need really expert designers. Yeah. Because they're a moment, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we can go back and talk to the suppliers and they'll be able to see if we can drive the prices down to add a few more things in. But that's all we can do with the restrictions we have at the moment. Okay. Good. Then we have for the tank. Thank you. Okay. That was it. That's it. Thanks. Cool. Okay. Okay. That's fine. It's the design. about like, we have sheets.