 And I'll posit this forward a little. Okay, welcome to the second meeting of this design group. I'll briefly go through the notes of the last meeting. I've just done in note form and I haven't attributed anything to individuals because we're working strictly as a team here. We saw that the problems with existing rope controls were the boring shape and boring color. We saw that what we needed to do was to make sure that we've got control several items. Switching was easy, but you shouldn't need to point the thing at anything in particular. You need to be controlled to make it interesting. The keys might be concave, simply because that hasn't been done before that we know of. Interchangeable faces so people can personalize it, illuminated so that people can see it in dark rooms. People might want it in addition to their existing remote controls and that it should always work whenever you use it. The thing should be too small, but it gets lost. I'll short the ask for three presentations. Before I do that, however, I will go through some new project requirements that the management have placed on us and we'll be challenging in terms of what we discussed at the first meeting. The management has had its own thoughts on this and they didn't necessarily agree with what we thought. We'll talk through the functions that we see the device carrying out. 40 minutes to do this in. The new requirements are the management team see that teletext is no longer of any importance given the device of the internet. They wanted only to cover television. What is not quite clear from their directives is whether they wanted to cover teletext or videos, DVDs, satellite boxes, which we saw as being fundamental to the exercise. The actual wording of the directives should cover television only on that basis. I think we need to bear that in mind, but possibly keep at the backs of our minds with the reality that people even with it no longer can tell you text any more. The device has to incorporate the company logo and colors. The logo being at the bottom of the screen there, the two are in gray against a yellow background. This doesn't necessarily mean that we have to give up some of our ideas about making it attractive to the market. It also has to be simple, which the somebody saying goes wrong with the first one. There are a lot of people who want it anyway, but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly. You see there are choice, but we need to talk that through. The first thing is that we need to be summarised, note, centre, etc. First of all, we have individual reports from everybody. Again, there is no order of precedence here, so I'll leave it up to you to think so we'd like to go first. I don't mind. I have a verse in the line. Can I steal the key? I don't know. I don't know. How do I start there? The one that looks like a projection screen that I've gone through the last of that. At least there are functional requirements from there, and I'm a guy staying in the research lab. I've got 200 people covered all the aspects of what this needs, my people, what they want to see. Everything can be from functionality and how individual functions are, how often they're used and they're necessary. I've seen that as we know, 75% people find their remote controls ugly. Some kind of a new style should be incorporated. Along with looking less ugly, it looks better. People said the expense will money on it, which is a plus for us if we can make it better, or cost effective. If we can put it price up. I can't control some of the mouse, the operating behavior of the user. I can take that to mean as the only work for the television or like in my flat I've got six remote controls. I've got a stereo system, a digital box, a DVD player, a video player, a TV. My behavior is to use multiple things at the same time, and multiple robots aren't really matched well to my behavior. 75% is the same as the app, but it's used a lot regularly rather than standing up manually, changing channels of all your things. I think a big issue is that 5% is only 10% of the buttons. We've got a remote that makes it more like some buttons taken off by the like italic tags. Some of the functions like audio settings aren't hardly used and are considered relevant by the user. Maybe here buttons which also make the design look sliger. And the frustration of people losing remote control is maybe some kind of system of press button on the TV or maybe that's something in the cup. So you've got like some kind of system where you can use something else to find a remote control. Maybe like it would be for something. And yeah, the time taken to learn new remote controls is like you don't want to make it too complicated, it's easy to use for like first time users and stuff. And the better it's during during, I suppose we speak more comfortable and make it possible even use, have to make it. If you have buttons like the whole mice, the most idea of a field more comfortable. Maybe don't even have to hold it such. Must be some tally outings out there if we get RSI from the television. But yeah, it also asked if we would, if people would pay more for speech recognition and younger people say they would. And there was another section on our on the report for LCD displays but the data wasn't there. So to actually know what the results were for that war. Maybe increment the layer meeting but yeah. I must say that the, I'll go back in but you know phone service I was using the other day but I had sort of speech recognition which worked remarkably well. So that is indeed a. And it cuts out. It would cut out the RSI as well. You can't get a lot of RSI. Just get draw reaking. Okay, sorry. Yeah. Oh yeah, so possibly this speech recognition was supposed to get it into the, I've got some things that couldn't fit onto this presentation. See this, okay. No, it's sorry, it's a bit of a thing. I'll read out here. Functionality. Like people's opinions on functionality. The relevance to the road and how often they're used. So like the power using the, using the switch the power to switch to switch on TV is higher elements of nine but it's not frequently used. Are you saying we were as channel selection which is very high relevance is used the most. So we can maybe even start to cut down on or I was supposed to even thinking of a design that maybe some of the buttons are hidden from everyday use. Maybe like a folding ledger or something so that we can maybe go into the channel settings and the audio settings which are lower relevance and rarely used. I keep the volume selection and channel selection very easily. It could be, I'm just going to say maybe like the flip phones that they use. Have you seen the new mobile phones that flip out and they have the like texting and then the numbers on one side. You could have the most used button on top and. Yeah, like the one that slides back in the button to see what we actually bite the bullet here. If people really don't use those buttons to any extent at all. Just remove them can put them all together. That might be there. We could actually have a remote control with. I wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition given that some the. Now the eight structure we were looking at. I mean we had usage by eight structure of what we didn't have was what proportion of people using remote. We're in those particular age groups. Do we know whether they. 45 to 55 age group. To put myself right in the middle of it. Usually remote controls. To a great extent. And this for a. I would speak right. So we're looking at. And again, we don't know the relative proportion of relative numbers in the age groups. That's true. If we wanted something. Different. Truly different. And the bottom must remain control. Well, the only problem I can think of with that is if you've got a lot of people that don't want to be bothered learning how to use new remote controls. If you just kind of take away everything that they're used to knowing that's going to be quite a change. If you just lift it up and say channel one. Or even B.C. I mean, you could even just have it left on. Just put it down once on top of your TV and never have to. Yeah, have it be kind of like the satellite box or the cable box and have it just go on the TV. And then it doesn't matter where in the room you are. You won't lose it. I can see technical problems with that in terms of the other sand from the television. Because if somebody actually on the television says. It's like an ITV. And you're watching B.B.C. And then it might change itself. So it probably needs to be possibly actually need a button on it. I was to activate it. Or something just to identify that you've lifted it up on its use. And then just say. I don't know. I thought. And then. I mean, that was certainly the truly different. Because the audio settings not point 8%. I mean, if they weren't there. Would people miss them? But look at the importance of them. The volume settings. Well, it's a two out of ten. Volume. Yes. They're not used often, but they are quite important when they use. And identify things that people actually need. And it's a functional frequency and relevance. And I would say ignoring, ignoring power for the moment. The channel and volume. And we've given them. We've been told to ignore teletext. Yeah. The channel and volume. Are the only ones that. Standard would appear to be essential. So if we can design something that looks interesting. It all looks different. Incorporates the logo. And then the colors. And we can still have our interchangeable faces, even if it's. There's the yellow and gray. And I've in no buttons or buttons. There's an option. I just have to actually center up. If you're thinking about technical problems of. Like someone on television saying a channel number. And it changed. We can maybe have like an activation. Word. Because I've seen some computer issues before. You just address the remote you address the computer. And then give it a connect. It depends whether. If you want to make this. It's simple that anybody can walk into the room. And lift it up and say. Yeah. That's what you see. Well. Okay. You could. Actually print it on the. Yeah. I'm missing at the point of view. You could still lose this. But this. That's always been a problem. I think. I suppose. Make it so desirable that people lose it. They may be going by another one. Anyway. Sorry. Carry on. I have to. I have to. No, no, no. You can be. I'll send them. Oh, okay. A bit of your report. And well, I was just kind of wrapping up. Yeah, I was in game. Yeah. You said things that are relevant. You can make things much more. I think the eight percent people that were on. They are more that looks better. Combined with. Decrease the. Or take out the limited functions that we don't really use much. Or we already get to it. But. As a channel settings stuff. It might. It might turn people away. Some people want the whole function on the way. But. If we're marketing and working a fashionable approach. It would be fashionable. Fashion over a practicality. Because we could we could make it. Dual function. We know voice recognition and. So we still have buttons on it. We could even have it as like yeah, the buttons control this and the voice functions control the things that you do all the time. So. Certainly good. So yeah, we could. Power on and child selection and. Climbslation. We don't have to really. The advantage of doing the way the buttons all together is it makes them cheaper. Yeah, probably we'd look better. It's certainly that was a possibility for making it. Yeah, visually very distinctive. Yeah. Because it does not have to be. Oblombox. Lined with number of buttons. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Given that we've already. Extensive discussion. Well, I can do mine. Yeah. Yeah. I think this work. Oh, you have to hit like function and something. Oh, yeah, I think so. Okay. Give it a bit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So this is just about the technical functions. So the method I looked online for examples of other similar products and then just kind of We're trying to brainstorm some possible design ideas and identify what the necessary things are, what people are. What you really want to have a remote control do. And then there are two different kinds that I found. There's a user-centered one and an engineering-centered one, which I will have pictures of. And then we kind of decide which one this should be. So these are the two different ones. This one. This is the user-centered. It has quite a few fewer buttons. And then this is the engineering-centered, which has a lot more buttons. And probably this is one that people complain about about having too many buttons that you don't use. So basically what remote control is is you to send messages to the television set, you know, turn on off Switch the channels and the volume and things such as that. And so for this product, it's going to be television only and then it has to have the logos for the company and the colors. And so for my personal preferences, I think this one is easier to use and has quite a few buttons. We want something that sends messages to the television. And I was kind of wondering about this example that they have. It looks kind of narrow at the top. And I was thinking maybe if it were wider at the top, then that would be easier. And so we have to decide what's going to make our product different. The unique style, maybe have it light up so it's visible in the dark, the changeable face plates. And the lighting up and visible, when we were talking about losing it, maybe to have a button on the television that you present it, maybe if it makes it in a ways or light stuff or something. Like that. So it's easier to find if someone has hidden under the couch or something like that. So that's my presentation. Can I, I'm actually going to use the, of course, great technical forms over here. I'm actually going to use the, they're probably slip. They're not connected to anything on the table. It's just to leave one and one around. It's rather than the traditional, in fact, I'll let you give that far. Something like this shape, you know, sort of something that you can sort of a more vertical shape. That you can sort of hold in your hands. Such as, I mean, somebody hold it like that possibly with a couple of buttons like that, but with the entire top, with the, you know, the infrared or whatever source. So that's, you know, it's flying up in all directions. So that, again, the neat look at the, the technicalities of, as you're achieving that in terms of whether the, you know, the power requirements of the, you know, compromise the, are, are needed for, you know, it being, permanently available, whether, whether different technology. I mean, all these remote subs, you know, the infrared, like everything for a long time. So that's what we're possibly looking at, but some indifferent, you know, short range, not like the older radio remote controls, or you change an external celly. So if we're going to, if minimum number of buttons is our priority, then we should say, they're really bite the bullets and reduce the buttons to absolute minimum, possibly with backup, channel and volume buttons and on off. And nothing else. So that it could, it could, and almost end up like that. So again, except for some other distribution. Anyway, okay. So, Kate, you're welcome to your, or thoughts on this. Which one is this plug-in tip? I think it's all, I think it's in there. I think, did you see the other screen? Oh, yeah. That's kind of, that's not cool to read. Oh well, anyways. Okay, yeah, so I'll just do my presentation on the working design. Okay, just at the, you know, the whole method of how the remote control works. The basic function of the remote control is to send messages to another system, the TV or the DVD player or whatever. And it does this by, well, you need to start off the energy source. And this energy source will feed into an integrated circuit chip. And the circuit chip is the part that actually composes the different messages within the remote. And which will then be sent to the, the television, the DVD to tell what to do. And you use your interface, which controls the chip and thus the messages. And the user interface is that's basically just the design of the actual remote, what you'll hold in hands. And what buttons will be on it. I'm just shooting. Okay. Just general findings. What we need, technically speaking, remote control is some sort of energy source, some sort of user interface, which I think we've mostly been talking about the user interface and the design of that. A circuit chip within that to control and send the messages and sender and receiver. And it's just sort of a little schematic diagram of what we're looking for. This just kind of represents the energy source, which feeds into the circuit chip, which maybe then we can have that feed into a switch, which would send signals to a subcomponent and onto a light bulb. So light up once we start, once you start pressing buttons. Also send signals to the infrared bulb, which will be the part that actually sends signals to the television. And then you've got your happy little TV watcher there. So my personal preferences, I just think we need sort of big energy source that won't die out. Perhaps some sort of rechargeable battery or battery dock you could place it in so it would constantly be charged. You wouldn't have to be worrying about it running out of batteries and not changing channels for you. A wide range of sender receiver so that you can hit the buttons from basically anywhere in the room and the channel will still be changed. Also definitely a user friendly interface. And I think we've all sort of mentioned adding a locating device on it. So when it does get stuck out of the couch cushions as they inevitably do, you can find them easily. And that's pretty much it. Okay. Since the mid-air and the fundamental decisions to make people read, I think you'll point out the big energy source is a very valid one. I don't suppose we've got any statistics on the direct expectancy of the remote controls particularly depending on this. Even the number of things you buy these days, which are lithium or whatever battery in that never needs to be facing. Perhaps we should have the disposable remote control, no one sort of typical usage. The battery will last five, ten years by which time, I mean when all set and done, the digital television will be taken over in that time scale. Perhaps we should reduce the movement part even more by not even having a battery compartment. Just having one that's guaranteed to last five to ten years. Yeah, if anybody managed to run it down, then you can do well. It's what it's saying cost. You know, there's a, well, so they mark them gimmick and it's hardly a gimmick. It's very practical. So I think the idea of a rechargeable one is kind of see a really high tech in it. So it just recharges itself with its environment and the magnetic waves or whatever. It could have like a, like, cordless flying your face. It's like a base since they're old. People are really going to use it. Yeah, people think that people might forget, people forgot to put their cordless phones back on there. Yeah, it's, I mean, sometimes my wife gives it to me all the time. I want you to put the phone on the charge and then she's at those with so long, which isn't worth that. I only remember to charge my cell phone when battery dies. When it turns itself off, that's when I plug it in. So what do we think about the, the, the, that's a good idea. That's pretty good. We are really going to the ultimate external simplicity here. And they're cut costs, but in the manufacturing, you know, they're high tech in here. But they will be cost effective. Do they make battery so much on mom? I mean, certainly. I can't think of anything to my head, but there are certainly things that you buy. I'm calculating this, for example. They usually have a little light source. You have a little solar. Yeah, the little cells that some, I mean, the battery ones that are, you know, certainly see it in fact. Most of them don't have sort of a combination of the two. Like when there is light, they'll work off the light. And if there isn't, they'll kick into this battery. So we can maybe do something like that, whereas there is a battery. But if there's enough light, then it's using the light so that it's not actually draining the battery all the time. But you will have the battery there for. Yeah. And this needs going into the technology of it. I mean, the actual time that a remote control is actually operating. And what thing is, it's probably the normal, the minute it's entire life. Well, it depends if it's, it depends who who's using it, who's just saying they're clicking. Some people are clicking, clicking. Yeah. That's the big people getting the recycling from it. Yeah. And they're clicking a lot. Yeah. Like, like this, this, yeah, market resource thing says, number of times per hour that's used, child selection 168 times per hour. Yeah, per hour. Wow. That's a lot. Yeah. Oh, I'm smiling. I'm just not that dissonant of excessive. But then again, if you think it, if they might have, you know, met the use, it's like, you know, that's less than a second. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. And I don't, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. The signal blast as long as you keep the button pressed or whatever it's disturbed. Yeah. So 10 to the second in a matter of time, I'm impressive. Or I don't actually know. But I think with digital TV, like I know on my cable box, you're not supposed to do that because the channel can't keep up with it. If you just press it like that, you're supposed to use the menu and go through there. Different channels that way instead of. Right. So I've got to say five minutes. I don't know how long it'll take. Oh. Right. So I'd need to sum up very quickly here. We're looking at extreme simplicity. We're looking at a radically different shape. Possibly no buttons at all. But if you can incorporate channel change and volume buttons into the design, then that's fine. And the, I mean, the role of the user interface designer becomes more important here because no shape is no longer available. The series constraints. But we clearly only need the main buttons, although clearly only need the main functions. I don't see why we shouldn't go for voice recognition. And the only buttons that I think we need are channel control, volume control and on off. It needs to incorporate the, the logo, the gray, yellow color scheme. And there's no reason why we can't introduce interchangeable covers. Does that accurately summarize what we've discussed? Right. So. I just have one question. So are we doing just the television? Are we doing so not DVD? No. Okay. I think that's quite clear. The information we've been giving away. Okay. I'll tell you something. Wait, that's the one. And there are the constraints that you may have already got. Do you imagine the touch? Just touch me. Well, that's one I sent you, which was mine too. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay. And then, some head office. That's it. That's it. Maybe. Okay. So we'll give some thoughts about. Or, you know, anything. Okay. Okay.