 3.1g 2.4g 2.5g 2.5g 2.5g 1.5g 1.5g 1.5g 1.5g 1.5g 1.5g Judaism Was geometri conceptual design. I'm just review what we did in our last meeting. Under marketing we targeted our audience and... Yeah, that was... Generally, how helpful that was. We were considered some design options with how it should look. We discussed an iPod-like button system, which we haven't concluded. So, if you all have presentations to do, we can see where you've come from or last. Does everyone have presentations? Yes. Does anybody like to go first? Sure. So, I've been looking at the components design, mostly by consulting remote control diagrams from the internet, and also by incorporating design ideas from the last project meeting. So, we need some custom design parts and other parts which are just used standard. I assume we'll be custom designing our case, probably a hard plastic or some other material case to protect their node and the locator. And we'll need to custom design a circuit board because a circuit board has to take the button input and send it to the output. So, we have to design that each time. But once we come up with a design we'll send it to the circuit people and they'll just print it out. Standard parts include the buttons and the wheels, the iPod style wheel. The infrared LED is actually going to be included in the circuit board that comes with it. We need a radio sender and we see if those are standard. And we also need a beeper or a buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. So, we have some material options. We can use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium. I'd recommend against titanium because it can only be used in the flat cases and it's really heavy. And the rubber case requires rubber buttons, so if we definitely want plastic buttons we shouldn't have a rubber case. And why not wood? And why not wood? Well, we can use wood. I don't know why we brought it. And also we should know that if we want an iPod style wheel button, it's going to require a slightly more expensive chip. We can't use the minimal chip. We need the next higher grade which is called regular. I don't think it's much more expensive but it is more expensive. So, that's what I've got on design. I've got on design. Can I do an X because I have to say something about the material. Which is quite shocking. Right. I have been searching the current trends both on the web and via fashion watches. And the findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion fancy look and feel. Next comes technology and the innovations through that. And the last thing is the easy to use factor. Fancy look and feel goes far beyond the functionality of the thing. But I suppose that is included in the ease of use. Our fashion watches in Milan and Paris have decided well, we're going to have a look at the fashion watch. And we'll notice that the food and vegetable theme is the current trend. And therefore we need to go for that if we want whatever our motto is. Fashion, we go for fashion. The fashion and electronics. So we want to put the fashion electronics. We need to go for food and vegetables. And also go for a spongy feel. So the question of our technology, what is industrial designer, as the material should be limited to. I don't know how spongy can be, should discuss this to get that out of there. How spongy can be achieved. But apparently that's the way to go. I have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing. And I prefer fruits to vegetables, but that's just a personal opinion. I think people like to have fruits instead of vegetables in that city room. Those are just suggestions. And also we need to decide whether this should be printed. So that still has to do with the material discussion. Should we print the fruit stuff or should the actual remote look like a fruit? And finally again with the spongy. It has to be technologically innovative. So maybe again our industrial designer should look into that or come up with a solution that's better than mine. Yeah, to summarize, these are the points that need to be touched in order to get a good decision. And hopefully our user interface has not to say about the matter. Thank you for your attention. Oh, so that fruit and vegetables thing. I actually wasn't aware of the new trends in electronics. Well, it's a trend in fashion. You're not going to wear your remote control. So, okay, let me get this right. Okay, all right. Here we go, conceptual user interface. I'm going to try to talk about what kind of how people are actually going to be using this iPod-ish remote control based on fruit vegetable design. And basically, so this is a touch-based graphical interface system. So people are going to be looking at this little screen. I mean, I assume we're still on the screen idea. Oh, we haven't discussed that last time. Because if we're going to have to have this, it just seems like in order to have someone going around and using the wheel. It seems like you would need a screen. You need a screen with music because you're looking for a specific song like, you know, that band or whatever. But if you think of your channels, it's, you know, one, two, three. Yeah, but if so is it just, okay, so you're going to have to switch to like DVD and like other things like that. We're not having DVD. That was one of, I was trying to update you on that. But the screen can come up on the telly. Okay, okay. So anyway, we just, we need to, okay, so if we're not going to have a screen, I think I was thinking, okay. So basically it's just going to be a wheel then. I mean, I think you're going to have to have some kind of a, yeah, like you're going to have to be able to have a screen. So you're going to have to switch to like a mode where you, okay, we're not choosing that. But like choose channel control. Because people aren't going to be able to have like, you know, channels one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. So that people seem to be, yeah, you know, but you're going to have to scroll to get channels. So, I guess that's what I was thinking. You need to have some kind of a screen because so that people can go around, go back and forth and choose it. Or then again, if you just, I guess I can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the TV, like what channel you're on. You just scroll and you can just get to like five or like 12 or five. But I actually had one with a wheel on it. It did just show up on the TV. Oh yeah. But what if you have satellite, you have like 200 channels that get channeled. You have to like, you have to, you can quickly see that. But I think the wheel goes through like 100 channels, at least on theirs. Yeah, if you do, so it'll have to be, I mean, so we basically just kind of need to figure out like what kind of, you know, range we need to have on the wheel. So you're, you know, you're doing this motion to like control the channels or like once you stop that, you know, you can like tap for different, you can call it different. You know, functions like volume or like you can tap just to get to different channels. Like if you just wanted to go to like from five to six, you can tap. And then there's also the concern about, you know, how do you get to the menu if you want to change the brightness of your television or if you want to, you know, switch around. I don't know, like these different modes like turn on the timer or like something like that. I mean, with that many options, you'd, I'd think that the screen would be better because I would think so too. So I mean, it seems, it does seem a little silly to have this screen if you hardly are ever using it, you know, because but then again, it does make kind of, if the screen sort of just like an option that like is just there and you're not really using it, that's kind of. It's more expensive. Yeah, design people. Yeah, that's the only thing that you have to get an advanced chip if you want to have a screen in which is more expensive than the regular chip, which is more expensive than the. So then basically it has to have some way to get to get to a mode on the television where you're doing. You can get to, you know, you can. Like maybe it'll be that central button that like then you hit that and then you can it brings up like the menu on the TV and you can just scroll around to do the time to do that. So it would have all these different options. But the remote itself isn't really cluttered up. Yeah, well, we don't want the screen, I guess, but because that just it does seem like it would that would be like incredibly expensive, but I don't know. And then so just in really all you need is like this little wheel then. So. What if I mean, if you're thinking of the design of it now, like the. You know, physical attributes. Yeah. And you just have this and it's like just long silver thing or whatever. I mean, are you going to have any buttons on that besides power and this thing or. It doesn't seem that you would need anything besides I mean in the power button could even be like hold down the menu button for like longer than one second and it turns on the TV. So can we imagine that this would be smaller than the remote controls that you had us before. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Like I think we're looking at something that could be like. Like even maybe like I'm seeing almost like a circular sort of like handheld like thing. I mean, it needs to be easy to somehow it needs to be easy to like manipulate and use your. I mean, how do I'm not really. Like when I use an iPod I end up just kind of using my index finger to like control it. Yeah, I've seen some people just kind of like that. Yeah, or your thumb or something. So when we had the wheelie remote control, it was on the top, I think you held it like that. Yeah, yeah. With their buttons on there as well. Yeah, well it had the wheelie thing and then it had those 18 different buttons that I don't know what they do. Yeah, we just use the top part. Yeah, so but I mean I think it could be pretty small. Like I mean you want it to be large enough that you can what if you had like a cover that went over buttons that you don't use very much. Like you so you could slide it up if you needed to like change the contrast or something like that. So the options are there but they're not interfering with the design and the practicality of it. We can't you just get out of talking about that like yeah, just like maybe something on the side. Yeah, but then flip over. Yeah, but I mean do you need that if if you can get to you know if so long as you're able to bring up the menu on the TV screen. Yeah, I mean I guess that's not just if we can do this that probably yeah, you wouldn't I don't I don't think you would even need it. Yeah, so so I guess we have to look into the like the programming how this how they actually program these things. Oh, how the menu show up on the TV. I mean you can do it with it doesn't see that it's going to be inside the TV in the outside remote. I mean I've never bought a remote it sounds like this remote is going to be purchased separately from the television. Well, they usually are well, I've never bought just remote like so I don't really know but I'm sorry. So, but I mean it's I've never had a hard time with like my remote like bringing up the menu screen if you need to like change the date or whatever you know and I don't think that should be too hard. Most of the ones we've had have had the menu button because it's not like you need to have a button access to like change the contrast or something. Yeah, so just didn't come up every day or something. Yeah, also so do you need like I guess we have to think about but I mean you just basically need the output signal. Yeah, to bring it up. But also if you have it on the screen you can actually write everything out because the problem with buttons is like they have these sort of abbreviations. Yeah, yeah, that you're supposed to have that. Yeah, so but I mean if we have this screen like the iPod screen on the TV. On the TV, okay, yeah. So yeah, I think I mean I think I think the touch-based graphical interface is a really cool idea because you know it is so obnoxious to like have to push those like okay now I hit this you know you have a little guide out and I hit this button twice. And it is technologically innovative in a way. Yeah, I guess. And it is trendy the iPods are you know right now. Did you get that picture on the day of the picture? Yeah, my web research. Yeah, so what are we going to do about this much? Oh, what is going to say you said people want spongy. Yeah, one of your one of the material options is sort of rubber that's not on like those stress ball things. Oh, okay, that would be spongy. Yeah, just nice. That would be kind of you know usually like the touch pad things are kind of a hard plastic mouse type. I mean definitely. What if we had like a spongy sort of like stress ballie kind of you're like. Yeah, I think it could work. Or what if we integrated the yeah, what if the whole thing about the fruit of vegetables we somehow made it tactily you know we could tap into that so like it feels like. Well, it's just a little bit. You know, it was just just a little cover. Yeah, it's a small thing. Instead of creating an object for it that looks like a banana which you can't. Particularly fun though. You could just have covers and then your mobile it's like a mobile phone thing. Yeah, it was a time when they had all these different covers. Yeah, you could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit apple machine and they have like the blueberry. Like all the colors were named after fruits. Yeah, you could name it after. I think the color can fit your sitting room. So if you have red sitting where you can have strawberry and then you have the green one. Yeah. So what if this is I'm just forming this idea in my head of how this thing is looking. If you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you're actually holding in your hand. So like what you're feeling is comfortable and then there's more of a hard plastic thing. Yeah. Where that thing is. Yeah. And on that hard plastic thing you can change either the color or the fruit are vegetable that's on there. Yeah. Is that kind of... Because I'm thinking silver because those are our company colors. Yeah. I'm pushing it. Yeah, I'm silver. I don't know. I mean, how are you all envisioning by what we've just... But you've got what we've just got about the... Maybe a ball. A ball. No, a squashy ball. A relaxing squashy ball. That's in the shape of a fruit. Well, I see you're thinking it's where you're thinking opposite of it. You're thinking you changed the hard thing. Yeah. And I'm thinking how do you change the hard? I'm thinking of putting a sticker sort of. Because I was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit, like... This is just... Okay. Say that's the squashy bit. Squashy bit. Yeah, I was thinking of getting a cover for it. See, I was thinking this... Which is far the next. Sorry. I was thinking this bit here would be the cover. And like, that's your actual... Yeah. Like, let's see if you can have like... You can have like cherries and... Things are at there. I was thinking of a single ball shape. Yeah. I was thinking of who was like this. Because the way you were describing the iPod and the roll thing. It's like it has to be... It's almost like your thumb is further up. So if you could squish it lower. Yeah. So it wouldn't be very big. Like how big this big. And then you just did up. Yeah, what if the squashy... Parts like the tattable. And you can... So maybe one... You can have like the broccoli squishy thing. And then you can have like the banana squishy thing. And you could have your choice. Well, just the... I can't just... Like... Compa... Like a cover. But... Well, the question is which ones are easiest to change. And we can just compact our relevant department for that. Yeah. And we can do this for covering Dr. Compa out. Yeah. For now we can do two prototypes. Maybe and then try and ask you to use as work best, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. That's nice. So I think it's nice to have a drawing because it's me to... Well, that's not very neat. Yeah. I mean, I think... And I think the handheld part is definitely... So you could make that... Into the food vegetable plant. If it's a bit like there's juggling balls, you can change shape according to your... To the way you hold it. Yeah, if it's got sand in it, maybe or something. Yeah. It just mulls to your hands. Yeah. So where are the fruit and vegetables now? I guess it would be either in the color of that plastic base on the front or in the color of the squishy thing underneath it. Yeah. And the rest is the company... The company color silver. It was... Yeah, silver and yellow. It looks like... We could promote the banana one. Yeah. Like... I mean, that's another question where we're going to... Or we should have the logo somewhere on it. Should also fit the box and we switch it on. I think the batteries would have to go right under the plastic base. Yeah. Especially if you're switching out the squishy parts, then you need to have the other part just be sort of a single unit that you can snap off of it. Yeah, I think... It would be interesting to have the squishy bit... The part that you can change into the different trendy vegetables and fruits. But... No, I know. You spend so much time squishing it into your own personal hand. You can get a new one you'd have to do it all over again. Yeah. A bit of automatic. I don't know what the rest of my notes mean because they were made for me. But if someone... Components concept. Question mark. Energy. Question mark. Is that you? Yes. But what do we know about energy? I mean, we're going to use batteries, right? We actually have an option of batteries, solar power and a dynamo, which is something I don't know what it is. Oh, dynamo. It's a bicycle. It's a bicycle mechanism. It's like if something moves. Oh, okay. Yeah, the other one was a kinetic thing where you basically have to wind it yourself. So, I sort of picked battery. We could have talked about giving a wind up for a dynamo or solar power. But I think solar power is not available to rubber case anyways. Battery is something. I think it's a little weird that dynamo would be interesting. The fact of dynamo is the moment you move it, it creates energy on its own. What about crypto-nates? So if you scroll it, it's going to stall loads of energy and you don't need to buy a battery. I find them in the market. But we need to buy a cost. Yeah. But no, it costs. It has a data to actually. All it said was it gave sort of a relative, some chips are more expensive than other sort of things. It didn't give me any actual cost. Most of the stuff is pretty cheap though, but in bulk. So, I think it's a much more problem. Like the chip is probably the most expensive part. What does chip on print mean? For things like remote controls, a stamp-outed chip calculated to I think. So you can mass produce some pretty cheap. But it's not like a computer, you can't like reprogram or do remote controls like stamp-talk to the chip. So chip on print means like that. And case. I guess it's probably the type of thing I can't say. I'm thinking of like some tactic. Let's see. Is there anything else in the tool? One we move on. You two are going to be playing the play-doh. And working on the working field design and user interface design. You're going to be doing product evaluation. So you'll get more instructions from the personal coach. Cool. Does it matter that I end early? It's strange. How early is it? I think it's a pop-up thing.