 Anybody home feeling better? Just because youура has been here for some time now you've been there all of a sudden Oh, I told you. The X-I moved it. I just put it over here. I don't know why that is. How was that? Cool. It is PowerPoint time. I've done more PowerPoints in this particular experiment than I've ever done in my life before this experiment. Yes. Just kind of fun. So here we have our detailed design meeting where we will look at the prototype. I finally figured out what this whole second bullet point is about in my coach was sending to me. It means I'm supposed to read the minutes from the previous meeting. Oh, really? I think. I don't know. Otherwise, it's just saying, I'm the secretary. And therefore I'm taking the minutes. Just to go briefly to go over minutes from last meeting. I will open and bam slowly. Wait for it. Wait for it. Shh. Yeah, that's not you. No. That's not you. Wait. This is a very high-powered stuff here. That will click. There we go. So basically the moral of the story from our last meeting was that we had meetings from the last meeting. We had meetings from presentations done by the industrial designer from Nathan and Ron and Sarah about what we can do here. And what sort of limitations we're operating with, or excuse me, limitations we're operating under, what kind of risk we'd be looking at with some of the various approaches we were discussing. And we essentially came to the conclusion that we should develop a remote with our voice recognition. I had a vaguely non-remote-like shape because you didn't really use it as a remote, as you could just use your voice. That would include some mostly just the simple design features for a television operation, but with a slider full-out bay for more advanced functions for users. And the UID and the ID were asked to go ahead and start developing a prototype for us to look at. So that sorted back to the main meet here. Go ahead and take it away, guys. Well, we have assembled our prototype. What's to be said about it. We took into account a lot of things that we went over in the last meeting. And we decided to go for the touch screen, which you can see. And opted for some very large buttons for the primary functions. This is going to be the on and off button. And we have these buttons to go through the channels. And then two volume buttons down here. We decided those were the most important buttons. And then for the more advanced functions, there's a slide out panel here. You can see that there are lots of things going on. But this actually can slide back in. It's very nice aesthetic when it's all put away. As far as the whole visible light thing, we decided to go with multiple colors. Why not? Of course, if that's annoying for some people, that function can be turned off. Perfect. Now, it's important that we talked a bit about the interchangeable faces. And what we've done here is come up with a bit of a natural look here. We call it fruity. Of course, that's interchangeable. I think it would be desirable for the regular product in the first packaging to be something a little bit more subdued. But this is kind of something that can be done. And as you can see on the television there, we have the voice detector device on the topic. So that will work quite well with regard to finding this contraption. What other things we see here? Well, if you give it a touch, it does have actually a bit of a spongy feel. So I think that will work well with regards to our market. Let's see. Well, clearly there's going to be some more colors and whatnot available. Do you have anything else to add to that? I've worried about the materials. The entire thing is covered in rubber coating. So it's very durable. It's not going to break like some type of plastic that's dropped. And of course, as you can see, if you touch it, it does have that nice squishy feel. It's actually important to note that the television, if there's an earthquake or anything like that, it actually is edible inside. I don't know if you noticed, but I wrote the company's name. Oh, well done. Apple inside. Do we need to worry about broad factors? It's encased in a new type of thing. Okay, this is preserved as well. We've got to go ahead of ourselves. I know we're not talking about making televisions. It's the way we have the future. It's a couple of years off at least. Impossible new product. But I think that sums up the main features of the remote. I don't know if you guys have any questions or whether that, whether we need to worry about any other marketing areas or anything of that. Nature, did we come in under budget? We did. Yeah, this costs, well, to put this into production, looking at about, was our goal is 1250 year. And this actually came at 1199. So I was quite pleased with that. One thing that we didn't do, obviously we had a choice with the buttons, whether to use scroll buttons or standard rubber buttons. But we just went for a classic rubber button. And since we did that, we didn't have to use as many microchips, which was quite nice. That's what helped keep the cost down. Even though it has a lot of modern technology, for example, the voice recognition. A lot of ways it's just a simple remote. I think if we shopped around for other manufacturers, we might be able to get even cheaper. Did we talk about the voice recognition option? Oh no, we haven't talked about it. On the back here, you'll notice this area here, which is actually the voice recognition console. And I think it's nicely designed into the overall look. But basically, the voice recognition incorporates the latest designs that our research team has come up with. Basically, quite similar to the coffee maker design that we were talking about earlier. I think that has given a proven ease of use and whatnot. And allows features like the remote actually talking back to the user. Cool. Any questions? No, no, let's do we have other flack of Edward skins covers. We'll play now. Are those going to be developed later once we see how the couple we have go? Well, we didn't quite have enough material. Oh, I was expecting a prototype. I just don't know if you guys had any in mind. Well, as you can see, this is just a most superficial layer. It'd be very easy to put another layer. Something else. Actually, this bottom red ring here just unclips. And then you put a new, a new, a new plate on top of that. So I mean, there are, we definitely priced out a sponge, even sponge your non natural look materials, which I think worked out fine. And we also continued on with the ideas that following apples, color schemes with kind of the light orange and slime. It's not quite a face plate. It's more like a pseudo face plate. Because it's simple enough that in the factory, we could very easily put a different one on it. It locks into place such that it's pretty permanent. At the same time, if we want to go the other way, it's just a matter of a couple of adjustments. We could go the face plate way. If you know what I mean. It's still an option. Very cool. Nice job. Right. Thanks, guys. That's very, very good work. I like it. Brilliant. What we need to discuss now is the finance of it. We've got provided a number that actually sounds quite nice. The trouble is I was just given this by finance. It's a spreadsheet of the parts. And I've just tentatively put in what it's going to look like. I'm just going to clear this out real quickly, but it looks like. So we'll just, if we can just itemize what's in here, we've got this, it's a solar cell thing, right? Right. With the backup battery. It's enough. With the back. Okay. And the worst recognition area actually doubles as the solar cell area. Clever. Well done. So I guess that would mean we've got a bit of a, it's a speaker in a sensor at the same time, isn't it? Yeah. It's just making use of the same space and the same materials. But in the case, it's more of a single curve case. I guess it would be that, be the general. Yeah. One big curve, I guess you could say. And we've got a rubber skin material basically throughout push button interface. And with this other drop down, so maybe we've got two push button interfaces though. Yeah. And special. I guess it's a, we've got a sort of a wood material, a rubbery type material. Yeah. Special throughout. Yeah. I guess you'd have to mark special color and special form as well. I'm sure, because it is very unconventional. Yeah, it's quite unique. I like it. So it looks like a bit over budget. Oh, I'm just not sure if this is it. So what we could do perhaps, a simple fix would maybe to switch away from the solar cells, or take out the backup battery. I mean, I think that if we were talking about it being one of our main selling features, being environmental, without the batteries and whatnot, although it does still have a battery, so I'm not sure that, you know, what the solar is on that. I mean, we could take, we could take the battery out of it, you see. And it probably worked 99% of time, but you're going to have to set up a call center for that 1% of time when people are calling. Saying, oh look, my remote isn't working. What am I going to do? Or people people who have set. I think in a long run, it's better to keep the battery. It's hard to scrap the whole solar battery idea because that's so integral to the theme that we have. Hmm. Well, it's difficult. We have all these things integral to the, um, to the design of it that we just can't back out of now. It would have to be, seems like we'd have to go back to square one. In a way, if we were going to try that, undo one that we probably have to undo most of it. Yeah. Although we don't want to get rid of the whole environmental, I mean, obviously the solar cell is a big piece of the way we're marking this is like a natural new thing. But honestly, if we cut that one piece out, we're actually coming in on the budget, if I've done my math correctly. You might be able to sway me on the idea that our main selling point could be already this voice recognition thing. I mean, that's what sets us apart, right? Yeah, that's what setting us into this young market. That's what we started from. So, I don't know what I mean, you know, perhaps when the cell technology comes down in price, we can bring that back into the game, but it looks like at this point that may be out of our league. And the reality is, you know, for me from an ideological standpoint, I'd like to stick with the solar cell, but I kind of have to throw myself in the business structure and model here. It's either or. I think that we need to come to a compromise here and maybe move ahead with the project without the solar cell. Yeah. I think, unfortunately, that's our best option. See, my way we're going to get below gold isn't 1250. Because we can't remove the push buttons because they are. Yeah. We can't get rid of the, I mean, removing the changing the case wouldn't be so much of a... ...suit. ...nor would changing the case materials. So yeah, that looks like to be the only thing. Yeah. So that would be, it's a major change, but... Yeah. Okay. All right. So we're in agreement on that. Unfortunately, I think we are. Well, I think that was a good compromise you brought for it, too. Right. Moving along swiftly. So I guess now we just go to the project evaluation, which I will allow. That will be me. Cord? Of course, sorry. No problem. You reach. It will be great. Thank you. You reach. It will be great. Thank you. That would be great. How did you even do that on purpose, either? Okay. Basically, I was just evaluating from what we know of our products working right now with the criteria that we set at the beginning of these are the things we needed to do, these are the things that look like we feel they're important. So I was looking at basic design things. And then we need to How to choose and change this. And if it's ofוש, our technology in general, we want it to be. Yeah. Because if it's ei Infrastri jungle, we want it to be och... We want it to be between both of oursecurity. And the management of our hundreds of instruments, I don't know, like we would have to wait any 2017 we got, if we just don'tNETS. We're not harmed by then. I mean, that looked like it was coming up rough, but then once you get used to it, it does make a lot of sense. So I think overall we're head in the right direction. Yeah, okay. So. Like that spongy feel. Yeah. It looks like it's going over well. So. A huge function works well. That's good to hear. We're good, yeah. We're good on that one. Yeah. It's, I think eventually if we do branch out with this program, maybe when we do have higher budget options and if it goes over with this model, we can look into wider range voice recognition. Like from other rooms of the house and stuff, but for now what we've got is working in the range we need it for. So it's all good. Really? That's a good point, but losing the solar panel. Yeah. That's okay. Yeah, it is a setback, but. Okay, do you need the quad back? Yeah, we might have lost that granola market again. Oh, they don't want to tell you see what you think. I guess that's true. Right, so. This one's a bit unclear to me to be perfectly fair. I got this slide from the coach and I'm not sure what it's connected to. So I guess we are going to discuss our project process. And that is going to go into my report. So I guess this is the point where we go out of roll that looks like and talk about our satisfaction for room for creativity and so forth. And how that all worked, I guess. As in within the team. I think so. Yeah. Right. So it's just kind of, I think it's a mic kind of thing. Yeah. I think so. It is now your charge. So there you go. I'm just screwing up and experience. But I trust that she would jump in if I was. So okay. Whatever. Right. So any thoughts? We can start at these points here. Yeah. I think they're starting blocks. What did you guys feel about the process? You know, I think in general, for a day's worth of work, we actually were relatively productive considering the little amount of input we had going in. And the technology has definitely been a help. It's really been interesting to try out all this new stuff. We didn't use the whiteboard at all. No, no whiteboard. We could now, if that had made up for it, really. And I feel like if you guys had been designing in here, perhaps that would have changed, but because of the room constraints, it doesn't really matter. Also had I not been intrigued about the pen. I don't think I would have used it at all. I didn't write barely any. Yeah, I think I was taking notes more often than usually was coming from the pen. That's true. It was pretty cool pack though. I am disappointed I didn't get a note back for my personal coach. Is your regular personal coach? Yeah, but I didn't get her. What if you get a response two or three months from now? I don't know if you kind of could be. That's tips to contact coach. Interceptive. Well, what kind of coaching is that really? What if I really needed some time? So I think there was a lot of room for creativity. We could do whatever basically we wanted until the budget came down on us. And even then, we did get a decent product turned out, although it's not everything we wanted it to be. Yeah, with the natural look. It's very natural look. Organic, really. It's brilliant. So they had a peeler in here. And highly resourceful teammates might I add, which is always a plus. Yeah, I thought it was really creative, actually. Yeah, I'm impressed. The teamwork was good. The proof that we were all wasteful. We didn't waste a single bit of play to waste every day. Nice. All four of those containers. Yeah. Including the multicolored wave pattern. My one criticism was that we didn't have enough colors to work with. We only had four. You could have developed multiple skins, really. I know. I know. More colors. Oh wow. What did you guys think about the roles? They were good. Yeah, it's fun kind of fun. Yeah. It was. I think it was pretty clever because we were never able to get too far off track because the information came in at the right time. True. kind of filled in the gaps enough. The same time you had enough room to kind of just make things. Do you know, just kind of that. Do I just feel like the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day? Yeah. I mean, maybe it's just me, but I didn't actually get any information. That's presentation at all. That's true. I got this. I didn't even get email. That was it. So yeah, I feel like that was slightly lacking. But then, you know, filling the blanks on your own level of creativity up. Well, I think that was, I think that was an issue I kept finding with regard to what to do. Well, no, but also, yeah, when I was reporting about what each of us was doing as often confused as to what you were doing. That was a good much. And then I also felt like a lot of our discussion would center around specifically what my task was because that was kind of the interface version, which is what the whole project was about. Very much so. But and then in the end, I think our jobs kind of melted together the whole one. That was fun. I think it's fun. The most helpful thing out of everything was getting the PowerPoint slides already put together. Yeah. So if we didn't have that, there's no way we could have got all that done in time. Very much so. Cool. And I think your leadership was quite good. It was. She said, she actually made a comment off on the boy you're getting into this. And I really, it's true. I did get I felt like I got way too into it. That's kind of a good thing though. I feel like I slept in there a lot. You know, the rest of us in the structure work with. So hey, so is that the first time you're taking on that kind of rule? The first time I've ever done anything like project management. I use the organized crap. It's one thing to do, you know, set up a party with your friends. Yeah. You know, little second. But you guys felt that you could keep the suspension of disbelief kind of like the role. Except for a couple moments where it just got out of hand, I knew we were all blind to our teeth. I had to admit, as soon as we started, I mean, as soon as we got the play-doh. I can only imagine. You know, the whole concept of really trying to stick with reality went out the window. Yeah. Maybe it like us, you know? Absolutely. Like us, too. Like an Ermo control or a spaceship, which is a spaceship, like us. Do you guys ever used to build a spaceship like us? Yeah. Still have to know us. Totally. Best spaceships ever. You guys felt like there's enough teamwork in all. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. No, no, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No, we didn't actually, I mean, other than minor discussion meetings, there wasn't except for the actual building. Yeah. But I feel like if this was a team project, there actually would have been much more of the collaborative, like brainstorming the board. Well, and this would have been six months worth of work, not like three hours worth of meetings. I mean, I think had the issue being more serious, we probably would have brainstormed more during our meeting. So that's a chill. Yeah. Of course, I'm unconscious of the idea of the project manager asking if you guys feel like there's a team. You know what's that kind of like? Yeah, that is kind of interesting. It's kind of fascinating with it. I mean, the whole process is... I wonder why, is there anything about the way that we got so much from what was the kept us from going to the board? I don't know. I don't know if there was a right. Mine was the mics. I didn't feel like getting up and down and dealing with all these wires. I was afraid of the brakes. The mics are loose. And at each time you get up, it's a possibility of tripping with something like a tango there. Well, I don't know what I would have shown on that board. True. But it didn't even occur to me as an option. I mean, I don't know that I would have, but I know that I consciously didn't. I mean, it's just like the paper. I don't know what I really need the paper for. True. Because I've got this laptop. Yeah. Send it. I just use it because it's literally right in front of me. I want to see the output files from the digital paper. I know. My handwriting looks like digitized because my handwriting is crap. Yeah. I mean, just see what it looks like in PDF format or something. Usually I would do a lot more to it, like, too. But I didn't. I know. I felt like I needed to be professional. So I didn't like to roll the paper and stuff. OK, well, not entirely. But still, I do have less than I usually do. I'm curious about what the debriefing is going to be like. Like what is the exactly what we're looking for here? So is this all I need to go through? I don't know. I'm not sure what the new idea is found. It is about ideas. Did it just say in the email that we need to discuss that? Well, that's the thing. I got in the email. I got this PowerPoint file. But this slide was. That slide was like that? I didn't change this one at all. Wow. And I guess one, the right track. Yeah. Any new ideas with regard to environmental concept? Yes. I kind of like it. I think they still do their job. Yeah, you're fine, actually. I am thinking outside the little square box, though, but it's literally in like form. Yeah, maybe a circle would be, all right? Yeah. This is going to make you wonder. I mean, how much can you do with remote control? It's like inventing a new car. Yeah, you got to be technically car-shaped and won't fit on the road. Yeah. Don't know. OK. OK. I know this was a little bit back into. I don't know. I think this is. Oh, how long was I being supposed to be? How much time? 40ish. I wish it go on a bit. Yeah, about the project you've out. I don't know about you guys, but I felt like a bit underestimulated on the whole thing. Like what? Like, you know, what am I really doing? You know, what is? Yeah. At the beginning, it started out, and I felt actually under pressure like the first couple taking out of work. And I was like, had all these brainstorming I was doing. And then suddenly, I was like, well, it's just another two-minute presentation that you guys don't really care about. I'm surprised. OK. I think it was the real thing. If you know what I mean, we also didn't know where we were headed with it, so it didn't feel. Definitely wouldn't. Like, it mattered anymore. When I first filled up the question I was marking, it probably higher in terms of how much I had to stress over it. And by the time I got to the last one, what I worked. Yeah. I think there's also a realization of basically just copy and paste. Let's give it to you. Yeah. And to you, it wasn't so clear to me at the beginning. I actually didn't do that at all, though. Every single one of the presentations, either added slides or added them. Oh, I added like five slides. I only got one. I just got blank ones. What? Really? My slides were all like they'd have a title, maybe. Yeah, my name was just empty. They didn't have, they didn't like mine. Yeah, they didn't come like this. Like, this was what it looks like. Like with those boarddardi on it. Literally, just like that. And- Why yours always looked so more complicated? I just needed slides. I think I added a slide one time. I added many slides every time. It went the whole new background. I mean, it made it. That was pretty cool. That was class. It's high-level. Expand. You're insane. I mean, the thoughts come to mind. I want to know how our products were there. I think it would fail. I think it would take a stretch. Especially for words like that. OK, an apple would have read it by now. Even I was skeptical. But, you know, the whole- Even you. We kind of designed it to look a little bit like face. Here, but it's a happy face. Actually, that looked a lot more like a tongue. It's previous to build other design modifications. I hope you appreciate the incorporation of some tinfoil from a random pick-up bar that we consumed by accident. Interesting. Wow, an interesting day, all the notes. Yeah, I'd say so. So again, I reiterate my question of how different we are compared to the other groups, especially between the culture groups. I know. I don't know. It seems like everything flowed pretty logically, from the basics to the concept. Although, the whole concept's thing, the whole concept's face. I don't think I really understood the concept. The notion of functional items. Yeah, I mean, it's like I have a concept of a mug's material. It's just maybe that's what it is. You know, maybe rather than concepts, I thought of it in terms of concepts. I thought of it in terms of, like, proposed idea. And then the final would be like the actual specified prototype or whatever. I don't know. Bono is kind of interesting. So we have more slides, right? No, just this closing one. I mean, the established that the cost weren't really within budget, but we could, you know, do. We got it to be. We did the project evaluation based on, what Sarah's evaluation of on us would do. There was really technically an evaluation of the product, not the project in general. Which I'm not sure is the same thing at the time that just made more sense, but I could see if they were really asking about us. Yeah. Because we did, we had a fight, think about it. And it's all recorded. And what I'm going to put, I'm supposed to do this final report thing at the end. So I'll put all that into the final report as well, or as much as seems like maybe not like the articles and stuff, like because and so forth, but up with my students and the reports. Maybe so. We get a copy of the recording. I've had to done, I've done transcription before, and it's really ridiculous how many words people say, just in the middle of their sentences like that, that mean nothing. There's a whole branch of psychology that looks into that, cycling mistakes. What the, is this guy sitting here? Yeah, he's studying. Phil or something. Yeah, they're called disfluencies. Disfluencies. That's a good word for it. Yeah, we like our fancy phrases and just add some prefixes. Sounds classier. Exactly. I will save this into the... I find myself hitting the send and receive, but you know what? I can pull some links. Yeah, I didn't mean something. Come on, give me some information. Well, to be fair, we're all hooked on the internet. Yeah. So, I mean, I do... We are addicts. That's scary, yeah. It is scary. I'll just throw on that aid. I know, imagine, we went the first 15 years of our lives without the internet. It's only the last 10 that we're like, what was the internet? I mean, just in the past five, we've gone from 288 modems to broadband all the time. Do you know what I think we've had internet for like 18 years? No, we have, but not in the sense it's so, you know, I think this is... But it's not right now. My grandparents had in the 80s, and I got it in 94, but still. It's crazy. So, in the 80s? My grandfather does computer science back in the States, and so they had an EDU and Gov network. There's basically the fundamental structures, but it wasn't Household Household yet, because it hadn't been... Yeah, it was to the like seven universities or something. Yeah, that was him. You guys were able to celebrate? Yeah, that's how I said it. That includes like, campaign or something exciting. Yeah, I think so. I think so. Probably call that meeting too, and end. I think that's closer. It's been 40 minutes for him. Because it's been long enough. Celebrate. Were you playing that? I have no idea. Is that the only song you have? There's another one. This is where there's media player. Huh? Yeah, that's awesome. The default track. I thought it was David Burns looking to the eyeball. That's when it seems to be shipping with it. I really shipped it for a while. Maybe this is a new version. So is that a close? Yeah, I guess we'll call it an end. Okay, the end of the meeting. Fab. Thank you, gentlemen. Yeah, feel good.