 So you forgot to sports again? Boss. Baby boss. Maybe, maybe, maybe. So we're here to talk about the detailed design of the product. And here's the gender for this meeting. I'm just going to open, say a few boring words to start with again, and start taking minutes afterwards. You guys are going to give us a presentation of our wonder product that I can see some demonstrations all over there. Looks cool. And they're going to value it. And we're going to talk about finance, and we've got a lovely Excel spreadsheet that I knocked up in the last five minutes for this. And we're going to evaluate the product and close. We've got 40 minutes to do this in. We should be fine. Let's try and keep this one on schedule. All right. So your thing is in... Where is it? It's the end product thingy. Yeah. Who wants it? Peter can have it. I'll talk. Yeah, so what we ended up with. Production caught us estimated by our manufacturing department and the research department, which is ours, is 15.8 euros. Someone forgot the unit price. Unit price. Unit production price. Cost. Thank you. We implemented the basic functions, which is just TV functions, plus the locator, which was one of the marketing things. Credo scroll wheel for the channels. And we implemented the way of putting the new and raw positionary zapping your favorite channels functionality in the scroll. Zapping your favorite channels, eh? Yeah. Scrolling through your favorite list. Okay, okay. Zapping. Ah, okay, okay. That's the favorite support you use. And, yeah, that was the result. Okay. I like the logo on there as well. That's very prominent. It's very prominent. So this is the... So, here, give you this. So this is the cradle unit, and this is the actual remote itself. So the scroll bar, or the scroll wheel, is this green little scrolling guy here. And then the volume controls are here and here. Okay. You've got the keypad, which is the numbers from 0 to 9, and then 10. This is the power button. We have our... We have the enter button, and what is the other button here? This is the teletext. The start to... The program button. Yeah, the program button. Yeah, the program button. Yeah, KSC. So this button will be used both for the favorites, and for programming. You're the type of television you want to use. So the plastic is the white area of this... Of the model here, and the red area is like a rubber covering. So you can see that when it lays like this, or like this, and the buttons are all going to be rubber. So it's pretty hard to actually damage it. Is that... Could that be easy for this scroll wheel to be rotated if it lands on it? Yeah, that might be a possible... A possible problem, but... Not helping. Yeah. No, I guess it depends on the stiffness of the rubber. Yeah, and it depends on if it's sliding. But I think it's pretty ergonomic, you can feel it. It was good. I'll take it, this is going to be slightly lighter in the... Yeah, of course. Well, this is correct. Yeah, it's going to go... You have to reach it. Yeah, the power button is a bit of a reach, but I think we might scale down the final model a bit. Ah, yeah, that would make sense. This is a bit larger than it would be, but... It's cool. I don't have no one on the head yet. In all of this... Which was the marketing perspective? Oh, I like it. I mean, you guys gave me more than I was asking for, so I'm happy. Because we've got some really marketable features in this. Yeah, I think it's a good job. Pedro can demonstrate that... Yeah, page inability. Yeah, you have the base station with the little button for the... Where's my remote? BEEP BEEP BEEP! Ah, blah. Okay, that function. That's correct. That's correct. Ah, BEEP BEEP BEEP! So, let me get it. If I press this button... BEEP BEEP BEEP! Ah, see! That's where it goes. BEEP BEEP BEEP! Shut up! So you can take this home. Take this home with you tonight, and you can push that, and he'll be across town. BEEP BEEP BEEP! Okay. I find that... No, no, no, no. So, the two blue... ...and those for the... To chart off of... Exactly, that's exactly what those are for. And there's one other feature that we were debating, but we decided to go against it, is... You could... BEEP BEEP BEEP! We were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here, because you have this figure. Yeah. It kind of feels like there should be something there, but we couldn't figure out what button is important enough to put there. And we don't want to accidentally be hitting the power button like that. So maybe if you had a trigger, plus the scroll, then that would get past the problem of landing and scrolling, because then it would need to be hitting both sides of the screen. So maybe in the final design phase, we might tweak that a little bit. Okay. But it's definitely got options for different types of models and things as well, based on that, isn't it? Yep, I like. Good job. So is that the final color scheme as well? Oh no, this is... No, no. Just what we had to work with at the time. Okay. So we'll leave the color scheme up to the marketing people. They... Careful. Yeah, came off. The scroll wheel isn't the problem with them not being there. Well, I mean, of course, the first guy you want to touch it. My suggestion is we're going to go to the Silver's and Black's, like most of the televisions. You know, some blend of Silver's and Black's. P-P-P-P! Okay. Enough of that. Well, that's cool, guys. Okay, so are we done with the list presentation? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, no. So you're not going to find my folder up there. I've got to do mine up at the board. I have you here. Okay. Yeah. So... Can I not get your stuff from your Shared folder, no? No, it's not in there because I had the computer problem and I... Oh, I see. I couldn't create it. I couldn't create it in the PowerPoint. And I think I've got this really strange cable. So what I had basically going from the PowerPoint format is that, yeah, yeah, I like this a lot. Is this one of the tests is to see how we can adapt to changing situations in the meeting room? So what we had is we had the method. That's not how you spell method, is it? No, A. No, A. Err. Come here, you. So this doesn't go so fast this way. And when I speak about method, I speak about the marketing of the product, huh? And to me with this product, we got... We got basically three things to market. We've got the features. We have the characteristics. And we have the... I don't know what we call the other part. Would we call... You know, the corporate... Help me. The corporation stands behind the product, okay? So the features, I think, we got the scroll. We've got the locator. We've got the durability. We've got the dependability. We've got, you know, the features that make this a unique product. The characteristics I talk about, we have reliability. We have comfort. We have ergonomics. We have environmentally sensitive. And the corporation we're talking about, we're a new company. We're wanting to make a name for ourselves. We're wanting you to find our product. So we're going to give you a good product at a fair price. One thing I would want to see is... Can we get a lifetime guarantee on this product, a normal use guarantee? Which means that this product for the life of... The life use, if it should have a technical problem that we could replace it at no cost. That would something I would be interested in. So, yeah, without going into great details, we have a product that has the features and the characteristics in the background. I believe to make it marketable. I believe it a cost of 35 to 50 euros. We're going to be competitive. And we're going to have a market niche. Would you... I would do that. We're better going for the higher cost than bringing it down to 25 as we probably could. But lowering the profit margin? That would be... That would be, I think, a decision best paid by corporate. For my evaluation, based on what our competition is, I think that we can go after this and go after more of the exclusivity sense than the mass market sense. But I'm sure open to market this in either direction. But you guys came up with a great product. And at that cost, I think it... There's nobody else is putting this combination of ingredients together. The only limitations I see to this is that we're focused on television only. That's the only drawback I see to this. But with all of these other features, I think people... One thing I'm hoping for is people are not going to even notice. There's going to be somebody going home and say, oh, this thing doesn't work for my DVD and my... But I like these other things so they keep it. They don't take it back. And they're actually quite open to be able to expand the product for a later version with those features. Quite simply, and there's no fundamentally different thing. Well, one of the thoughts that I had is, can this unit be produced in a way that makes it upgradable? You know, like a SIM card in a telephone. Is there a card? Can we make a card? And so after... We need some more buttons if it would work on some other stuff. But you follow one of the... Yeah, we could get another version of it that actually works. Yeah, because if we can make this unit upgradable, then we're... But then we talk about changing the warranty concept and everything. But that was just an idea I had. To meet the only additions... So, I have a little spreadsheet for us where... I was wondering when you talked about the 15.8 euros, was it as wondering how you came up with that figure? Well, there was just our technical team editor. I think it was a bit of a... Yeah, I think it was a bit of a... Yeah, it was a bit of a... Yeah, it was a bit of a... Yeah, it was a bit of a... Yeah, it was a bit of a... Yeah, it was a bit of a... Well, there was just our technical team edit up the production cost of the individual units. Okay, so I have a bit of a spreadsheet here for this. Oh, I've made a few assumptions here in that I'm assuming that our power adapter... We can make for a cost of four euros equivalent to solar cells, which I think is probably fair considering that we have in-house manufacturing... Manufacturing of power adapters already. And I'm assuming that the locator beacon, you know, the... Yeah, BBB. It can be made for... It's something different, I think. It can be made for a similar price to an LLC display. And do you think that's fair coming from a manufacturing? Yeah, I do think we... We don't need the advanced chip and print. We only need the regular chip and print. Okay. There may have been a miscalculation there. Okay. So we're down to 16.4. And we have a single curved. Is that a single curved rather than a double curved? I think that... We're not entirely sure what's saying about that. We've got a curve in a droop, I don't know whether that... It's a single curved. Okay. I'm not convinced. We save one euro that way, yeah. So we can bring it down to you. So it's a little bit more than single curved. So yeah, it's 15.8. That's what we came up with it. Well, hang on. Those peaks are... They're in here. And do we have any... We have special form, don't we? Yeah, we do. So that's... Yeah. What do you know? We haven't talked about any special color though. If we're going for grazing silver, then it's... That's a very special. It's pretty... Okay, so... Piss off at the school field. Basically, we have... Is this intended to be a button as well? Or just a... Scroll. Just a scroll. It's not one of the scrolls where, for example, with this one, you could push it down to be a button. No, we just use it as a scroll. Okay. Then we have 15.8 euros. It was a pretty accurate estimate. We'll see that. We'll look at it. Yeah. Awesome. Okay, so... We're on to the... It's kind of frighteningly accurate. We're on to the back part of the... Presentation. We'll have a look at the criteria that Paul... The criteria that Paul has given us. And we can use that to tell... How's it going? I don't get any... What? Thoughts how have we done today? I think we did pretty well. Yeah. I think we did pretty well too. I think we came up with a... Attractive, marketable... Product and concept. Any other... Thoughts? Okay, so... The part about... Room for creativity. That was... Nothing there was plenty at a room. I think we... We got a couple in the back of the room. Yeah. Well, we... We kind of broke... We kind of at least adjusted every criteria that gave us. Because we still have the... The teletext capability in this thing, right? We raised the price of it. We've added two new technology to it. So, you know, if this thing flies, Then we've adjusted or broken every... Every idea that we've got to... We've added two new technologies to it. So, you know, if this thing flies, Then we've broken every... Every idea that gave us. Every idea necessary. It's still at a more control. Yeah. Yeah. No, yeah. But we did break with the specs a little bit, I guess. But the... But I like... I mean, what I say, we had... I believe we have room for creativity, because this is... We did it. Okay. We just shut put it, we report back to the bosses. No, I think they were... We're reasonable, flexible with this over the whole... Changing the specs thing. It was more of a teamwork thing than really... Leadership, business... Yeah, I agree. Collusive... Synergy. Yes. Synergistic. That's the lattice synergy. Teamwork. Yeah, as... What did we think of the meeting room, I guess, is an important thing here. These cables suck. Yeah. Yeah. This falls off and... Yeah. The paperwork's really well with it. It must have very long shirts. That's way far down lapel, Mike. Mm-hmm. Lapel. Lapel lapel. Okay. Alright. That's almost a crotch. Microton stone. That's quite close. You know what they're going to have on the recording in there from that microphone is your lunch digesting. You know what? Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. You know more pizza for me. Yeah. So, yeah, the pen came in alright and it's a little uncomfortable to use, but I guess it works. Because you were using it to upset him. Still, that's... That's our boss. I'm not convinced of that at all. I've been wondering about that all day, but CDs look like they're... That looks... Use the more... That looks like it would be that way around. Major is right. But it feels more comfortable... Quite you call up side there. Major is right. I don't care. Okay, so that data might be slightly involved. What new ideas have we found? New ideas for the product or for the environment or whatever? Well, we'll let you both then. For the product? Well, we had the favorites list in the scroll bar. We have the cradle and the remote call feature. We came up with quite a bunch of new ideas. And for the mid-ring room, is anyone getting any more? A comfortable headset would be nice. Well, I mean, clearly remote control microphones would be a nice solution to all these cables. But I'm sure that there's some justification for these things that I don't know about. And of course, I didn't have so much fun with my computer this afternoon. It's not been cooperating so well. I don't think that's that's avoidable. Could have been worse. Okay, so... Are the costs within the budget? Nope. Nope. Oh, hang on. It really did something that the costs were under 1250 euros. No, the climate has changed. We're still under 20 euros to build. So we're good. The cost within the budget? Not the original budget, but they are now. Is the project evaluated? I think so. Yeah, then, celebration. How about it? As it says. I'm proud. Freak up provided at the cafeteria. I don't know how that goes down. Err, anyway. We'll wrote that one. So we need to close this meeting here. Provo, congratulations. Good job, guys. I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up on. So close this one. Come back. Yeah, I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up on. Okay. Okay.