omnng sMOpen... m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site m site i project manager. UR, Michael, i user interface designer. Ok. Im Giger Mardegja, i market in expert. Im Heman, i industrial designer. Ok, very good. Thanks for being here. So let's have a look to the agenda. So we are going to go through this agenda and mainly first to make, to be used to the tools available in this nice and smart meeting room we have here. Then we will go to the plan of the project and have general discussions about it. So the goal of this project is to develop a new remote control. It should be original. Trendy. And also user friendly. As usual we will follow the project method that we are using in our company. It is in three steps as you know. First the functional design. The second the conceptual design. And then the detailed design. During each step of each design where you will work separately, individually on your specific tasks and we will meet to discuss and take decisions about what you did and what we will do next. So first we have to train ourselves with all the tools available in this nice meeting room. Particularly the whiteboard. So we are going to go through the whiteboard and take some notes or do some drawings. So we want to start. I will listen to my car. I will draw my favourite animal. Let's see. Well I don't really have a favourite animal but I have one in mind. I will tell you about the spider because you can actually draw it pretty well in the corner of a whiteboard. The spider lives in a web. And it has eight legs. And it can move all about the web in two dimensions. Unless it is a three dimensional web which sometimes there are some spiders that live in like they have a big ball of a web. And the other thing is some spiders can actually fly like they have, they let out like a stream of like the web building material but it acts like a parachute and actually kind of go and find new build new web somewhere else. So I think they did this in the Charlotte's web, that movie, that was actually a book first but at the end all the spider is kind of flow away. That's my animal. Thank you. They are interesting. I don't know why but when I was a child I wanted to be a panther. Not a pink panther but it is very difficult to draw a bento. It's a bit I don't like it. It's very funny for us. Okay it's a friendly panther. Maybe it's happy because it just ate someone. Yeah maybe. Actually honestly I don't know what's his behaviour I don't know if it's the male who hunts or it's the female. I have watched that lions didn't hunt. It's the female lions who hunts. But I like it because it's fast and it's black as well. So it can hide itself very easily. It looks like powerful. Strong. I don't know. I watched a film about a black panther when I was a child. I was in that age when everything was choking me a lot. Okay thank you. I don't like pink panther. I like it. Thanks. This lapel is coming out once in a while. That's not very strong. Not the favourite animal but I think I'll draw elephant. I'll try to draw elephant. That's a problem. Okay so elephant goes like this. Let's assume. And then it has full feet. I don't know whether there should be any distance or not but I think this is the easiest. And then we have it strong. And something like this. And I cute. Full elephants. And sometimes they have a hump. It seems that elephants are very friendly and they have one very important way, a different way of walking. So when they walk, wherever they are going to put their first feet, the second feet will always be when they'll come to that position, the third feet will be there. That's the way they walk. And that's very peculiar about them. None of the other animals walk like this. And they are very useful to human beings, at least a few hundred years ago when there was no means of transportation or something, or when they had to carry huge loads from one place to another elephants were very useful. And they are found in usually the warm countries. And they are the biggest terrestrial animals. That's what I know about them. That's what I wanted to tell about them. So is this an Indian or an African elephant because you haven't drawn it. There are two kind of, yeah, they are very different Indian and African elephants. So Indian elephant is having one bump I think and the African have two. And then there is a difference in the trunk of the animals, these elephants who are Indian. So for some elephants, the trunk is having one. Do we have some message there? Yes, we have to wait up. We have to cut you, sorry. Okay, we have to go to the meeting. Thank you. We can discuss that offline. Yeah, we'll discuss that offline. Or do you do another meeting on the head? So, another important part of the project is about money. And about finance. So, we should target a setting price of 25 euro for this remote control. And we have, which would generate a profit of 50 million euros. Okay, and we should target an international market. So, Chris, question, is this a standalone unit that we're going to be selling? So, it's going to be, you already have a TV, but you're buying an extra remote control for something. This is the next topic we have to discuss, exactly. So, let's go to it. So, we should decide which kind of remote control we want to go, should be specific remote control to some specific device. Should it be a universal one? And, etc. So, I'm waiting for your inputs very quickly, because we have only three minutes to go. Okay, well, so, it seems the, the first thing that they've kind of specified is the price, like, based on how much profit we want to make, which seems to kind of a little strange if we don't know what the product is yet. But, I guess, if that's the requirement that we need to design the product to actually fit that, that price bracket. So, I guess we're going to need to find out what's actually, you know, what people are willing to pay for, what kind of product they're expecting for 25 euro. Okay, so, it seems quite a lot for remote control. So, it's... Okay, I think this is more a job to our market person. Yes. So, I'm going to talk about the topic of maybe also the next meeting, just to have another view of this and in which direction we should go. So, we need to close the meeting. We'll have a new meeting soon. And so, we have to work every, every of you have to do. So, you have to work on the working design. You have to work on the technical functions. And, you have to work on using your requirements, specs. Right. You always seem so information by email as usual. Thanks for coming today. Okay, thanks. And, thank you for coming today. I will see you in a second. Thank you. See you in a second. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.