 for the marketing director. Anyways. I knew this new memory. See, shall we wait? I'm not sure if he is later or later, whatever. So I'm going to start and we have a little problem with the computer. Welcome again to today, Functional Design phase. I'm going to take you over the minutes of last meeting. That was just to get to know each other and have a little thoughts on what your vision is. I'll put the minutes on the project chair. So if you want to review them, they're there. I'll do this after every meeting. So if you have some information, you want to take back. You can find it there. Anyways, today for presentations for every one of you. After I got some new project requirements from Project Board, we're going to go over those later. But I want to start with the stuff you did first so we can see what everybody came up with. After that, we can have the new requirements and shares and thoughts. We would like to go first. There was a little problem with my computer, so not the will press station. Anyway, let's see what you have. Okay, and I still have it open. I want to open my, I should close it on your own notebook, I guess. There. Yes. The functional requirements, it's very important for the user who wants to, the method we used, it's not a slide because it went wrong. But the method we used, we tested it with a hundred men. And we asked them to what the remote feel like and what's important. Is it people or men? People, sorry, the people. Both women were the only men. The findings, 75% of the use is found most remote controls ugly. That's pretty shawksy. We have to do something about that. Yeah, most, they want to spend money for a better system, for better remote control. So we can do a little nice things with it. And the use, yeah, the use a lot of visitors. So that's the most important thing. Not all, is it on my PowerPoint presentation? The relevant buttons are the power, the channel selection and the volume selection. It's the most basic buttons the user wants to use. Less important is teletext. They use it, but it's not very important on the scale of 0 to 10, they 6 and a half. But not important is the channel selection. That's what we have. Which channel selection? No, no, no, no, no, that's very important. But not important is audio settings, display settings. We can hide those in our menu or something. New preferences, preferences. And beep to find your control. That was also in the test. The most people find it irritating when they cannot find their remote control. So I think it's beep to sound it and you can find it. And another thing they want was speech recognition. They can say what they want to, let's go to channel one. That's kind of things. And they want maybe an LCD screen to look at what's on every channel. What do you have on the remote control? Yeah, pre-uattention. Is that manageable? Because it sounds pretty expensive to us. Sounds too, it's possible, I think it's best, but do continue. Yeah. My personal preferences. It's a bit important for my favorite channel. So I can zip to my quick to my favorite channel. So the remote must see or must see what my preferences are for which channel. I can zip to the channel that you're on most. What? You want it to be programmed, for example, or you want it to recognize your favorite channel. You spend 20 minutes each day on that channel. So it recognizes your favorite channel. That's what my personal preference. It does recognize itself. Maybe it's easier to set it. I don't know, it's managed to move. We will see. It's a little bit the end of it. I lost it with the computer, a crash, so no problem. It's okay. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. So some technical functions. Basically I have some issues which you discussed earlier. Let's just start with the method. It sounds really easy. What does the user do? What does the remote control do? But there are quite some issues. So the things I'm going to concentrate on are the user aspects. Because the technical aspect, that's pretty much covered. We can do that. What goes wrong with the user? Gets the remote control. Where is the remote control? We've all had it once. I want to watch on television. Where's the remote control? That was one of your ideas which you posted in the network folder. You can find some personal experience, findings, possible solutions later. Searches for the button. There are many buttons on a remote control which are not clear. Either we lose those or we try to make it a little bit more clear. Also, symbols tend to fade after a while. There's nothing more annoying than faded symbols. So, the user's button is this button. So, possibly we could find the... I'm going to make it more durable. Yes. Covered that. Yes, the user presses the button. Usually when you have a lot of buttons, buttons are small. So, you press once, the remote control goes... To blew or something like that. So, we have to pay attention not to put too many buttons on the remote control. And possibly also the size. So, more important buttons. Yeah, bigger than that. So, this is basically what I had in mind in the fade proof symbols, locator, a sound. So, clear. We should stick to existing symbols. But maybe we could do a little investigation to see whether some symbols are needed to be replaced by others. Okay. This is pretty much covered. So, what we want to go to is not this one. But more. Less buttons. Easy. Some bigger buttons. So, that's basically where I had in mind. This is not the final design. No, of course. This is just the general idea of how I'd like to see... Basically, the general idea. So, that was it. That was it. So, we agree on the part that we need to get something on the remote to find it somewhere. Yeah, I think it's a really good idea. The durability of the thing. So, other aspects we'll just see what you came up with. What's possible for that budget? Yeah. Okay. Okay, that's fine. Okay. Okay. Now, work a little bit. Okay. Let's start. Okay. The method. There are a few questions that need to be answered. You already talked about it a little bit. Which buttons are wanted? Is our remote control universal or should it be programmable? If it should be programmable, then we need something like a mode that you can switch it. Because then the buttons have to send out a different signal than they would normally do. And how big is the remote control going to be? I'll tell you why that's important to me. There are a lot of technical parts in remote control. So, that's why I also would like to say. Go a little bit easy on the designs. I heard you talking about beeps and about video screens. But the material inside and the technical aspects are quite complex already. So keep in mind that everything that you keep think of, it has to be built. So, that's not as easy as it might look like. Material study, I'm working on that. For the costs, I have to check out how far I can go with that. Normally, a circuit board is made of fiberglass and a wires are made of copper. That is how it is done. And all the remote controls work that way. I think we can just go on with that. Then I've read more integration of materials. It means less cost for the production. The more we can make at once in one piece, that is cheaper. We may integrate them all into the circuit board. Exactly. So, if we make a circuit board with the connections already on it, then that's cheaper. So, we have to make something that's not too difficult in design again. This is what it looks like. If you press one button, so this is not the entire thing. If you press the power coming in, then you have like a switch. If you press it, then some electrical charge goes into the processor. That thinks of a MOS code. That's how you should see it. The MOS code goes to the amplifier. Then the signal assumes two light bulbs. You have infrared and an inter... I said, a light and indication light, that you know that it's functioning. Here again, that's my story about the different modes. If you want to make remote universal, then the processor has to make up a different MOS code when some button is pressed. That makes it much more complex. So, we really need to have a look. Do we want that? Or not. I don't have any personal preferences so far, except for the materials to be used light. Okay. That was it. I'll get back to my thing then. Okay. Okay. Back to this screen. So, I got some new information on the project's specifications or changing a little. Like you said, TEDx is not very popular anymore because the internet... People don't use TEDx anymore or hardly so we can either... Well, I don't think we should remove the button because there are always people who are using it. But I don't think it should be one of the big buttons, for example. Just put it somewhere or under a second option or whatever. It's not important anymore. We're targeting young people now because this is a new product and with this new product we want to appeal to younger people, which we define under 40. I think it's also good with the fashion and everything. They want to pay for it. They want to pay for it. People are willing to spend money to buy a remote that they like. It looks the way it functions so they're actually going to spend money on it. We're with more technical specifications. Yeah. Of course we're... We can go with that anyway. One thing that should be important is that the corporate color and slogan are recognizable, which is apparently black and yellow. But I'm not sure if we... I think we should keep the logo in mind because with colors you can have a lot of fashionable colors and everything on it, which suits everybody's taste. So with that concept I started thinking, why not just steal Nokia's idea and just make changeable covers for your... I mean, those cost hardly anything I think and people could even spend extra money on buying a cover. So I have an entire new remote control that they like to see. For example, we could make a different basic design and sell the cover separately. For example, that's just a little marketing idea that could be applied so we can appeal to really everyone. So you don't have to... I think you don't have to make entire remote controls and make a basic one and manufacture the cover separately. So that was my idea on what we could do to appeal this product to everyone. So just... I'm not sure if you came up with anything in the meantime after making a presentation. Would you like to share? I think this is a good idea. But is it manageable? Yeah. With an LCD screen? I think we should lose the LCD screen. No, for example, it's huge. I think the LCD screen is huge. It consumes batteries like hell. I think it takes over a lot of power. It costs too much to buy the product. What we could do could be possible as maybe not an LCD screen with a preview, but I'm not sure if it's even possible. For example, a little TV guide. You have a text only, not a color, just a little text thing so you can use a remote as a TV guide. I'm not sure it's even possible. I have to check that out. Maybe I can find a little compromise in that. But when it's done, I think the beep is a very simple thing to implement. Just make a button on your TV and just hit the button and beep somewhere. I think it's easy to implement. We want a button on the television. I think. Yeah, I mean, where else should you put it? Okay, but that's rules out universal remote control. How are you going to use that if your remote control is lost? Where are you going to press the button? Maybe just a slap on sticker with a button which sends out a... A slap on sticker. Oh, you mean like a separate thing you can attach to your TV? Yeah, that could be possible. A little box. Okay, that's it. Okay. I'd like to know now if we want a universal remote control, not because that's... I think it's universal. You know, everything I'm going to do. I think we should go for universal because apparently we're a separate company making separate real controls to sell to a lot of people. I think universal remote controls would be possible. Okay. Every one wants to buy it. Yeah, targeting every one. It's fine with me, but then I know what's the okay universal is good. Speech recognition, I think, is very hard because we're selling across multiple countries. So I think implementing speech recognition is such a small one. That practice is very hard to do. Or when you say one, two, it's... You know, to see Arabian people speaking one, two, whatever. Besides that, the technology isn't really super yet. It's a problem in the mature technology. I think it takes a lot of memory and everything in the remote control. It's a good idea, but it's just not... I don't think the market's right for that yet. I don't think it should be implemented in the remote control yet. Yeah. What else do we have? Well, you should look into the materials that are a little durable. So the symbols won't fade, maybe a little harder plastic or... Especially the ones that are... Maybe you don't have to do all the buttons, especially the ones that are... The popular buttons. So those always fade first. The thing that's the most important things that we have now. Let's see. If we make remote control with changeable covers, then we can also make a cover for every language area. Especially for all the people that they can read it in the internet. We're not targeting all the people. Everything we target is under 40. You assume that they read correctly. The most important thing about young people is that they're really sensitive to trends that are passing through the world. But should the exchangeable covers include the buttons themselves? No, I think it's just something you put over them. That's not even a bad idea. For example, if you're into durability issue, if your buttons are faded, if you make a durability issue, you can just buy a new cover. I'm not sure it's hard to make. But I know that idea. The buttons are like an ocateraphone on one sleeve. So you don't have to change your whole cover. You can make something that you can only remove the sleeve. I know what you mean. It works the same as an ocateraphone. Yeah, I know. It's just one piece of rubber. Exactly. So I'm going to have to look into either change both the buttons and the cover or just the cover. I'm not sure which is easiest. Anyway, yeah. This is what we're going to do after. Just a lunch break. And have more individual work after that. Let's see where we... Let's see. So you have to come up with a components concept. Yeah. You shouldn't trend watching. Yeah. Even if we're going to do those covers and everything, what people really want, that's what we need to know in this phase. Because that's going to be the essential final design we're going to come up with. Okay. Yeah, I think usually the phrase is pretty obvious. It should be very intuitive. Yeah, it should speak for itself. For example, I bought a remote control last week with an MTV. It's like old buttons and you have no idea what it does at first. Total TV knew it anyway. So I think it should be less or very little buttons and maybe a second level menu for the advanced things. Or maybe just stick them under a menu. Like you said, the sound options and this or whatever. The more complicated, just stick them under one menu. And I give it a... Just put it in a software piece. You can menu and you can select everything you want to set on your TV. Is it technically possible to send a signal to a television and then pops up a menu because we're working with different types of television? Sorry, going to work on that? That is true. I don't think so. Not that's true. I don't think so. Because the television needs to respond to the signal. Yeah, that's true. It doesn't know how. That's not possible. So basically we... I'm not sure if it's impossible, but there's a chance it's not. Or we could use a double-sided for less-used functions. A double-sided remote control? Yeah. I don't think that's useful. What they cover? It's basically an idea to overcome these issues. Yeah, but then you're going to have a lot of wasted buttons. For example, you have a Sony TV. The half of the buttons have one function if you have a... For a Sony that... The basic functions which are not frequently used. I don't think we should. Yeah. Universal remote control. We're going to have to have most buttons on it. So... Yeah, for example, you have to make it a little decision between the part... If you want a universal remote control that should do what people usually do with their TVs. Not the very complicated settings. They can usually do that with either the old remote control if they really hate that thing. But... You cannot take into consideration all the different brands of TVs. I think there is a standard, for example, between... Because usually the menu button is usable between different brands. Especially the big ones, the big brands. I have a universal remote control and can use the menu button. I think I'm not sure if you can put some research into that if it's possible. I think... And the navigation is very basic. But I think there must be a way to invoke the more complicated functions of the television. For instance, if your old remote control is broken and you buy hours, then you should be able to get everything out of the television that's in it. Yeah, that's true. But I think you know, if you use functions by buying all... We need to put some research into that if we can open the menu. I think it's possible. Okay, so how to... Yeah, then you can do everything. I suppose because usually the TVs have that inside... ...in other low-pieces software. I think that our remote control should not look like any other. For instance, Sony makes all their remote controls exactly the same for all the devices. And you always grab the wrong one because the formatting of the buttons is exactly the same. Yeah, only the labels are different. We should not be a little distinct from everything else. Either it's both turn off. Maybe the shape can be a little different. I have a little more curve to whatever. And with different colors. I'll put some on paper and present them next time. Yeah. The ID is nice. Okay. I'm not sure what... We had 40 minutes. I'm not sure how much time we have left for the meeting anyway. I heard a beep. Yeah, but it wasn't me. It was him close or something. So anyway, yeah, we could do some work now under design. For example, I mean, what do you want? Not a trial-and-go thing. We'd like some curves or... Yeah, maybe something like this. With a little smooth inside. So you have the transmitter here, for example. Yeah. Let's see that you... What would be handy? I think that the button should be... The channel button should be... And the light on the run. Let's see. One, two, three. Got it. Damn it. Oh, we get the general idea here. Yeah, okay. Another one here. Let's see what... I think these are always on top of the controls. So this should be here. And since you're holding it like this, I suggest you put the channel up, down, and the volume of the thing. Yeah, just take it. So you have the up channel... Yeah, the channel. The volume. Do we want that horizontal or vertical? You take triangles or... That's fine. I think it should be... Maybe people are cutting too. Maybe we should make them bigger or whatever. Yeah, no, it just is. Yeah. The general idea. Maybe the menu button can go... Yeah, in the middle. In the middle. Usually out there. Well... Perhaps you should also make something like a flash on it if it's lost. For people that are deaf, they won't hear the beep. Yeah, but for example, if it's lost in your armchair... Well, no, we'll find it. And flash takes up a lot of batteries again. Yeah, that's true, but it only has to do so when you press the button that it's lost. Yeah. So you make a combination that it goes beep and that you... That's... How do you do that? How do you do that with other people? Yeah, I thought for deaf people, for example. We could do that. Just a little bit more. So we have the basic channels we've got here. The power button. Yeah, that's true. Somewhere over here. It should be central. You shouldn't press it by accident, but it shouldn't be stacked away. I usually press it on top. Yeah, that's what I'm going to press into. Yeah. I guess going to work. Not sure if it's possible. What would you like to raise? Yeah, I thought maybe you'd move the buttons down and... You're reading from... You're always read from the top to the bottom. Up to bottom, yeah. I think the power button should be on top. Yeah. It's the first thing you do. Turn it on. So the power button on top. Okay, mute button. Is that somewhere here? I think it should be at the bottom. Is that what you're talking about? Sorry? The mute button. The people who are talking about that. I'm pretty much accustomed to it right over here. At least in general. I don't think it's important. I think it should be... Or if the volume selection. No, because people are accustomed to it. Not at all, but around the volume selection. I don't know where exactly, but take this out. I'll see. Are we going to take triangles anyway? I'm drawing triangles, but... That's pretty much what people are accustomed to. Yeah. It's maybe a bigger, lesser than thing. Anyway, I think this should be... The channels. And... What? The channels being... Okay. Yeah, that's better. Okay, should we channel... Okay, this to channel... Up and down. So we also look if it's possible to make a rechargeable remote. That you don't have to buy no batteries. But that is... It's one part. It's a good thing to recharge it. Maybe we should... What could be possible is one with rechargeable batteries, for example. You have to just put pet light batteries that are rechargeable. But that's already possible. It's that expensive in the very end of the page. It's very annoying. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it's expensive, but just take a look at it. It might be a very good idea, because it's useful to have it rechargeable. But at the same time, if you don't want to recharge... If you forgot to recharge it, and you want to watch TV now, if you want to be able to put different batteries in it to use it now, and not in half an hour. Okay. And it could make it a device, but I'm not sure how that's possible because that you can put in a normal battery rechargeable. I think I have a nice idea. The remote also can act as a charger. So then you can choose. You have every decision. You know what I mean? Not exactly. You can put in normal penlights, rechargeable penlights, but they can also be recharged with the remote. Yeah. I think it's a pretty good idea to have... Like sort of a base station that you put on the TV, it'll be flat. You can insert your remote into it. But I think that will cost a lot. A normal wire would be better. Like a PDA, a handheld. You can just put it in the electricity and it charges itself. We were talking about the fact that we wanted to insert either a beep or a flash, with a little separate signaler. So you can put that on a TV, for example. It could be very flat. It would be very small. It's a very small... Yeah, I'm drawing it big now, but... So you can put your remote on flat, for example. And at the back side of your remote, just a little hole. For example, you just put it on and recharges, for example. I think it's very big. But again, isn't that too expensive? Because that means that we have to implement... I'm not sure if it costs a lot. That's what we're talking about. Rechargeable batteries, a docking station. That's what you buy yourself. I want to try to find out that. I'm not sure if there's information about that. It's just an idea. And do people actually want that? Yeah. They want to pay for it. They want to pay for it. They want to pay for it. Rechargeable? They want to pay for it. We should find out if it's rechargeable. Of course. Of course not. I'll ask. These are comfort issues. But so I think people will pay... They want us to pay for comfort. Well, this is a one-spaper comfort, which is... We could either make a separate station, which just sends the signal to the remote control to either beep or flash, to find it. And... Yeah, we have to either that, or make it integrated with a docking station. I think this is a brilliant product. I would buy it myself. I think it would be good, actually. I like to be part of it anyway. So... I like the covers. That's brilliant idea. Can we save this? Or is this good? Yeah, it's... Oh, we can save this. We can save this. We can save the end. Everything, sir. Okay. So what do we have here? You have... I think you have to do a lot of work on... If it's possible for the cost. I hope if I have information about that. Maybe... Yeah, or... Maybe you could find out what people are willing to pay. We are going for 25 euros sale, surprise. But just try to find out what they're willing to pay for. Yeah. Because if they're willing to pay more, we could lose a little profit and maybe attract more customers. Or you're just have to see what that looks like. I would like to make a decision about what it costs and what kind of material is. We can choose what we want to get. Yeah, you have some financial information. Exactly. I need it. That'd be nice. Could you post some other essentials of what people want so that I can work with some buttons where to put it? Yeah. You seem to have information on that. I'd like to see some of it. Wasn't that possible to send emails around the office? No, it wasn't. It was possible, not allowed. So that's a mind-wrestling to share that. We're not put at risk. So... I don't care. I also have an information. But I have to... Well, I have your PowerPoint presentation. I can get some information out of that. Yeah, I have to see. The homepage of our internet. I guess my... I'd include the new one. Oh, just say... Here's my marketing report. Maybe you can look at that. I don't have that. And... Where would we want the... Tele-Tech button? Because we decided that it's... Not that important. Do we put it somewhere over any more? And... I'll say... Yeah, it's increased a little because... And what people... Oh, maybe this is something for the next meeting. I've... I've brought some designs... I have to look at the... I'm not a figure. Just keep in mind that the important button should be on top. And neither bake, so... Well, we have less important. Decided more or less the basic structure. I can put the other buttons in. Just play a little with this. Put the shift a little up or down. And we'll see what looks best. What did you want to say? Or just post your designs from time to time on the product share. What I already said is that... Maybe another. The remote controls are always lost. But it's also for people... They want to learn it fast. Not they want to... We don't want to... We want very little buttons. It's just the button you use a lot. It's easy to learn. And then... It should cover all the functions. So possibly just an idea that... We had functioned what people do. People change channels. People... They change the volume. And they change channels. They turn TV off and on. For example, that's the basics... That's what you do. I'm not sure who presented that again. But those are the basics things that people use it for. So those should be very well represented. Yeah. And we could go a step further because some TVs have the possibility to just brightness. That kind of menus. That's true. But that's what we stick under the menu button. Everything is usually in every TV that's configured under the menu. But that's what we make. Because it needs to be configured in a television. Yeah. But if it isn't, then we cannot reach it. We need to adjust. I think most modern TVs have it in their menu. True. Isn't there a possibility to do research in that? Let me know that for sure. If you rule out functions, then that gets known. Then people are not going to buy it. Then the consumer bond or something says, you cannot do this and that with it. If... That's... Commercials... We'll see what we can come up with. Another thing I want to say is that we are looking at the market for the age... Younger than 40. Yes, true. On my report, I didn't show it in my press stage because my computer press. They want to pay for an LCD screen and speech recognition. They want to pay for... Did I really say that like that? Yeah. Those two things. Did I realize how much that costs? That's how much I'm doable. We're not going to be able to sell it for $25, then. But now you're in your screen. No, that's... Even if you have this, if they've all been in features, we cannot do it for that price. Okay, so we're not focusing on this. All the interesting features, not really the... What'd you pay for a speech recognition? We're working through. Okay. That's true. So... Speech recognition is... We can look at the possibilities for an LCD and... Yeah, just looking at the possibilities. Yeah, apparently it's what people want. How much it would call the serious remote. Maybe it's not even that expensive. Or finding compromise, maybe just a black and white. I... I look for some extra information on that. I really need finance information. Me too. I've got... I think it's something we should put into consideration apparently. It's what people want. We should see what it costs if it's possible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we should do a little thing about the design because it looks boring, really, to me. Even if you put a different cover on it, it looks... It looks color. Maybe. And the design. It's really different. This is like... Oh, Phillips has this. I have no clue. I just do something that we should fit in your hand easily. Something like this to make it kind of futuristic. Oh, I realize if we make it small, then it needs to be a little thicker. I think it needs to be all the electronics. Sorry? If we make it smaller, that's why it. Yeah. Then we need to make it a little thicker because I have to put all the electronics in it. Okay. Yeah, we have to keep in mind it shouldn't be too heavy. We can stick it in there, I think. Even if in the worst case, you can even... You get me the pen back? Yeah, sure. So, let's say people would want an LCD thing. Let's take the basic design again, what we... Oh, crap. What came up with? Let's make it a little bigger now. So, it tries to make it here. Anyway. Let's say we have an LCD screen. People want an LCD screen. So then we should probably put it here. It doesn't have to be really big, but it just has to be there. Things to good place, people don't... If you're reading from top to bottom, I think it's better to put it at the top. It's not the most important function. It's just an extra thing. You press the buttons on top because your finger is on top. If you are going to put an LCD on it, I think it's very important to... Use it because it's... I can use an LCD screen. But, now, the function of it. So, you can use it maximum because it's a lot... It costs a lot. So, why I'm not sure... Now it's pretty much tucked away in your hand. If you press a button, you can see it right. I'm trying to imagine myself what it would look like. I personally would prefer it on the top. You would prefer... No, okay. So, we have three people saying it's... Be on top. But the Daniel would have to stack away your buttons somewhere else. Anyway, expensive to build it. I'm still not convinced of the... Well, they also use things. If it's possible, if it's not too expensive, we should include it because it's cool. We should just try to make out if it's possible. If it is possible, we should really do it. We need that information. Also, keep in mind again, the LCD screen is very flat. But it needs transistors, resistors. I don't know what more and that needs space. So, I'll have to look if it's possible. Yeah, no. So, basically, can we... We have to decide now is... What goes on top? Do we put the volume control and the channel control here? Or do we put it on here? Would we like to press it? In the middle? In the middle? That has it on the bottom, maybe in a circle, for example. Like in this example, I think this is not good, but we could make circular buttons, for example. For up and down, make... Do you agree that we... Keep this at the center because it's basically the most important... I think the channel button should be in the center. Yeah. Channel button should be stick together, for example, here in this section. Well, that would make them quite small. We're not sure about the size anyway. Just the general design. We'll make it as big as we want. For example, we can take... Yeah, a big remote control, probably not something with people... Well, let's see. For example, if we have a space issue, we can also lose one battery. It is rechargeable, so we can stick with one instead of two. Yeah, that might be not true. I think if we even use an LCD screen, we need two, definitely. Yeah, but if we need two batteries and an LCD screen, that means enough space. Yeah, we have to see what the size is. LCD screen doesn't have to need to be very big. No, but the thing is behind it. Any space. Let's see. I can finish. I'm meeting now. I'm meeting now. Okay, well... So, do you like this or would we like the... Wait, I have to decide with what people want. Either this one. This could be the luxurious one. So, we have channel buttons here. I'm just drawing something. I think this would look cool. You could have it, for example, small buttons here for some extra functions. So, if you're basic functions here, what should... Like we decided before, programs up and down. And a volume here. And then what about the speech recognition? You could just... No, I'm not sure if we could do that, but... Yeah, but put a microphone in here. Or an LCD or an a speech. I think it's... LCD is better now. Just do research into both. What it costs and what it takes for space. But let's cut the meaning for now. One more thing I'd like to say. Let's give this a name. And not like some vague serial number that no one understands. Like with God. Yeah, okay. Shall we try to think about a name? Let's think about a name. Okay. Okay. Anyways, the minutes will be on the web shortly. There we go. Go and finish up and I'll steal that lunch. Yeah. Good luck. Yeah, for all. Same. You need to launch break, okay? Yeah, do we have any questions? Yeah, I have a question. We'll do it later.