 Yes, this one? This light. Yeah. Here are my slides. Yeah. But this is free, technical. Yeah, in fact. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to work on this one. Yeah. I have to carry on this kit. You should have been able to do this. Thank you. Okay, I can just get a message to that. You have me. Yes. I just serve it. I'm just cleaning the wire board and then put it back. Yeah. Yes. I'm going to put it on. I need it behind the tree. Yes. Okay. You have to save my... I'll save you. You made it. Yeah. Okay. So I'll just open it or save it. You can switch it. Yes. And maybe start. So, should I start or? I'm going to start. Okay, you use it. Oh, I will. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Is it around the runway? Yes. It's good. Okay. So I see all of the bodies here. Okay. Nope. You can start meeting. Okay. What's the agenda for this meeting? I will present the agenda with slides. I guess. To you. As you can see here. Perfect. So first, just to mention, I will take notes of this meeting. And I'll try to work them out and give them to you. I've also made notes of their previous meeting. And I was about to send them you. But then I had to go to this meeting. So you will get them to. You are the secretary. Yes. Okay. Indeed. Then I hope you all have worked out. Perfect. Some presentations about, well, you did the task. I did the task, given to you in the previous meeting. We will, in a minute, we will start with them. We will see which order we will handle them off. Then I will bring in some new requirements. I got from the account manager. I tried to work them out. They were quite abstract. And we can have, maybe, have come from discussion about it. About the functions. Well, in this meeting, we should really try to reach the decision about the target group. And the functionality of the. You mean the social target group? Yes. I mean, well, who are we going to get? The customers. The customers. Indeed. Yes. I think that's important. That's a great question. Yeah. So, and then we were close this meeting. And after this meeting, we will have a lunch. Good. Maybe, why Anna, can you, do you have a presentation? No, I don't. You don't have a presentation. I wasn't. No. You were not able to. I can talk about it. I have no exaggeration. Yes, maybe, maybe, you can just talk about it. Or maybe you can use the whiteboard if necessary. Well, I've just been presented with some research who've done it in a small focus group. So, a hundred people, just asked them about their remote control usage habits and what they want in their remote control. It's probably an email as to you. I've just got a web page with some data on it. Basically, it's saying that users generally dislike the look and feel of their remote controls. 75% of users find most remote controls ugly. 80% of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Current remote controls do not match well the operating behavior of the user. 75% of users said there's app a lot. So, the user remote control quite frequently while they're watching television. 50% of users say that they only use 10% of the buttons. So, they've got a remote control with a lot of functionality, but really most of the time they only use a small part of that. Do you have this information on the web page? I have a web page, yes. Maybe you can send an email to me later. Yep, sure. About this. So, basically, there's a breakdown of how to actually use the different functions on a remote control. Power and volume selection are only used a few times within this per hour. Channel selection is used 168 times. And then there's things like channel settings, audio settings which are only used very frequently. CaliTex is used 14 times in an hour, so it is used but not nearly as much as the channel selection is used. An interesting thing that this report has brought up is that 50% of users report that the remote control gets lost a lot of the time in the room. So, some of the locations in the remote control would be very useful to a lot of users. 34% said it takes too long to learn to use the remote control. That's what's easier to use straight away, more intuitive, perhaps. It's easy to learn, or do you say it's easier? 34% said it took too much time to learn to use new ones. 36% said remote controls are bad for RSI. I don't know how we just go about combating that. What did we do? Well, RSI is better prepared to strain injury. I think that, or do the doctor says it's the opinion of the user. That's what the report says. And then it's got a demographic breakdown. You cannot put this webpage online on the... I should be able to actually, if I email to you now. You can just connect it then. You can maybe just... Oh, yes. Okay, it's a webpage on the C. It's a file. Otherwise, you can connect this one. You can connect this one. Over to your computer. So these are important numbers that Matthew and I need to take into account for... I need to have a background with this. It's probably easier if you put on yours and they'll email it to you. It's just a web link. Okay. Yeah, these numbers have to be taken into account for both user interface and functional design. One thing you guys want to talk about, which is interesting, is the... Because there are many numbers and we need to select to constraint our design based on what is more important. One thing is interesting is talking about... Speed recognition in a remote control. Speed recognition in. And who would pay more for that and whether people would find it useful. Did you have numbers on that? Yes, I'll just get this up. So they would not need any button on the one side? Or potentially, yeah. Or a button speech. Okay. Interesting idea. Yeah, I think that would not work so well. You want to have both options. Okay. Well, it would be a solution for when your remote control is lost. I mean, when it has speed recognition then... Yeah. And it doesn't matter where it is, well, it's... We should be in range. Or maybe it can respond and produce sound, so say where it is. Yeah. But these are all quite fancy future times. Not sure whether... We will... We can make this for 12 euro for 15 cents. No, you can't. And we don't know where the state of the other speech recognition is. Maybe you know... Well, it depends, you know, like... It's a very small vocabulary where you want to do the operation. Like, you want to say on of... But it's quite noisy. You know, the TV. Yeah, yeah. It's not going to be so easy, but... Usually it's going to be more of an isolated... Do we have some more important information? But I don't know. It's only for you. So I get to summarize maybe the... This is now talking about who would pay for speech recognition in our remote control. Who would pay more for it. 90% of the 15 to 25-year-old markets said that they would pay more. It goes down from there. 76% for 25 to 35. 35% for 35 to 45. 22% for 45 to 55. And then, 8% for 55 to 65. Okay. Yeah. It really depends where we're going to be targeting this product, which we'll be talking about later, I think. Yes, we will talk about it later. Did you get the email? Yeah, that one. Just follow that link. Okay. You'll be in a different window. There's left. That one. Yep. Okay, perfect. So that's the figure I was just talking about there, with the different demographics. Another thing it's talking about there is the LCD screen, but there's no figures apparently on that. Okay. Okay. Maybe, Marl, can you give your product a little bit more? Yeah. Your presentation. Okay. I stay. No, you can move, I think. Yeah. You can move as far as... Maybe I take your chair? Yes, you can take my chair. It's a ten-ass election. How much is that? Thank you. Good to see you. Thank you. It's a ten-ass election. How much is that? Thank you. Good to see you. Yeah. So I think as everybody knows, I'm the industrial designer. And in this presentation, this quick presentation, is going to focus on the working design of the remote control. And I'd like first to give a quick, simple introduction, how does it work so that everybody knows, even if you don't have a very technical background, or is it, I think, in the project it's important. So basically, the basic function of remote control is to send messages to another system that is fixed. And so an energy source feeds an integrated circuit, the chip, that can compose messages, usually through infrared bits. And the user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages. So my method for designing the work design, first, the main point is that I would wish to make a really functional project. I would prefer to have very functional capabilities, whether than fancy stuff that, in fact, is not used and doesn't work. So for that, yeah, as is important to take into account the user requirements from the marketing expert, Anna. And we should agree on what are the things that get functions for the remote control. And I'll show you the working design. So basically, here is a very large view of what we want. We want an off button. It can be simple, but it's important. And also enabling the two broad channels, as well as other buttons that come after. So the components I quickly draw here is that in this part you have the remote control the sender and the other part the receiver. So that's my method is, my aim would be to design and choose the chips and the infrared components to build the remote control right. So of course, we need energy sources and other receiver. This is a really quick design. You stop me or interrupt me if you don't agree on it on that. So what I found, and after a lot of work actually, I draw this. I draw for you this schema that can be maybe too technical for you, but it's really important for me. You do a long time, okay? I'm not a one. I'm a one. And it's it, so I won't go into details about that. But these are my preferences to use the kind of components. And why do you want this kind of component? Are the cheap or are they reliable? What were your? So the main components you see here are the cheapest I've found. And you have always compromised with reliability and if it's expensive. But this one is also really reliable. So yeah, that's it for the working design. I hope you get clear review on what whatever remote control is in terms of technical components. But maybe yeah. It's more clear now I think. But is it can you just buy it off the market and plug it in? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, we will this is a preference, but we can always change. What are what are we thinking about the schema about the scanner and receiver? Yeah, get back to it. Yeah, the receiver is of course already in the television. And we are not able to change it. Of course. We must adapt to the receiver. I suppose there is a standard way of communicating to televisions. Yeah, we will use infrared protocol using infrared. And of course we need to adapt to that protocol that already exists. But what we can do is adapting the chips inside to the best chips and infrared balls. Yes, okay. Okay, thank you. It is just we had a few difficulties. The frequencies? Yeah, of course, in the chip you have an error. So you should be careful people are sometimes becoming problem like a guy has recently designed a remote. With you switch off any other TV. So basically through all the things. So maybe you should think of. Of course, yeah, we should take that into account. TV in the next apartment through the last. So you can just walk the seat and then switch off everyone's TV and you can just walk away. And then you can turn it out to be near the TV at all. I like the idea. I think my will will consider this, these things. Maybe we can go to your presentation. I assume you were finished. Yes. Okay. So I can take, I think mine. Okay. So, I can take mine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sorry. I know where it is. It's on the desktop. It's technical. Okay. It's like so. So I'm going to talk a little bit about the technical function. So what actually it's about. What is the user going to do as my as presented? What is going inside? Yeah. So what's the user is going to see from the outside and how he's going to use it? So well, the approach is that basically the idea is to send a message to the TV set. So mine has pointed and it will be decoded by the TV. And usually it is easier to have keys or buttons with which people can press and then changing a button will basically change the message which is being sent to the TV. And basically it's an infinite signal and decoded by the receiver. So, and I have said that these people are interested in things which are you don't need to press the keys. People can have this with recognition, but this is a question which we have to see later. But in the present scenario is that you have certain keys and you press it like your phone and it sends message to the TV. And so generally I don't have some figures. Sorry, but so there are two kinds of remote if you popularly in the household. Actually, so you have a standard TV remote where you have just a on-off button and play volume change and keys for the number and more than one digit option. And if you see for example right now even the one more than one digit option is for two digit channel which is like 99. But tomorrow you might have 150 channels you know to browse or 200 channels to browse who knows. But then there is a this is a standard one without any fancy thing you know like it doesn't have to let the option it can without any. It's a very simple thing which you can browse. And then you have what the video remote which is like usually it has almost all the keys over there. But then it has other options like staff and then you play the movie or for fast forward the movie or something like that. So it has those so these are the standard commonly found remote controls and the market. And then which is generally used by the people and then well personal preferences I would basically think of having a kind of aim for the next generation thing where we could have both the TV and the remote. Video remote control because some of the keys in the videos remote control and the TV they could be integrated together so that we could aim for the like in the coming future. The type of applications how would that work so you've got say maybe a BCR and a TV to separate. So on my one home I've got a BCR which then changes the channel on the BCR and then the other on the TV. So is it going to be like a switch on the remote that says use the TV or use the BCR or does it know which one you want to use. Actually you could you could think of having you can have a key which could tell it could go to the video thing. But you still can't in that case when you use that the function should be able to take up the BCR option and you could play it or you can also think about having like in a few days you will be in in few coming years you might even have a system where you have a separate sitting setup box and you have something like you don't you don't you. You don't you suppose you're not able to watch some program and actually it downloading all the time for you and there you can just you know when you come back you could just switch on that thing and watch the program in that case you want to browse fast or browse low you want to have those kind of functionalities. This is our kind of next generation things but it is going to come in a couple of years. I think it's already there. I mean the part is recorded. I've seen them in the show. Yeah. So it's going to record your things and you and you need basically the functionalities what you need in both the video as well as in the standard TV thing. But I don't think we're trying to make a universal remote here. No, we are not making a universal remote. We are just looking at giving a scenario. I have a TV and tomorrow I am going to have a setup box which is going to sit there and it's going to do this. Because for me we need to decide on on on and how far we go to in this. I mean can go pretty far. I think with with with functions and possible future. Yeah. Yeah. So it's good to keep in mind. Okay. So that ends my presentation. Well. So we can always discuss about it. For example, the presently the video market actually this demand video or demand or what we call it as it's presently booming up actually. Yeah. So it is like people are providing like things like movies you can select actually. So you want to watch a movie and the provider gives a list of movies and then you select those list. Yeah. And it basically you go off with downloads and movie it gives for you. Yeah. And then when you come you want to watch it on your TV. Or even you don't need to download it streamed online. Yeah, it can be streamed online for you. And you can see what time I want to ask. Yeah. Yeah. So I have received some some some some well points of thinking over of my account manager and I would like to share them with you. First thing is teletax. It's a well known feature of televisions, but it's getting used less and less. That's that's especially because of the internet of course. So we should think about it. Do we include it? And do we give it a prominent prominent place on the on the on well on the remote control itself? As Anna indicated it's not used well very much, but it's it is still used. For there yes, we must think do we stay to television only the television as we all know it with broadcasting signals and you can't go back. Or do we go further as Matthew indicated by supporting recording devices? So DVDs and BCS indeed indeed and and the hardest recorders. For the more we need really need to interest younger customers and then with younger customers I mean people below the age of 40. How current customers are mainly 40 plus which 1440. So that's the this. It is a market but they will grow older and they always need to have the future with younger people. Therefore younger people like friendly, trendy designs. So that we should make our our see as trendy as possible but it should also be have a reliable image. So when it looks to to space here to fancy people will think well does it work at all? Yes well you can borrow the ideas how you want to keep the keys you know like now if you take it you have like 0, 2, 3 like keys separately. But suppose if you take the present trend of mobile phones there are like big thick keys you press on the top it takes one number, it press on the bottom it takes another number. And basically so the space covered so that you don't see two separate keys there actually. So it is like it is like maybe maybe you can draw it on the board. But I think taking the idea of getting inspiration from mobile phones is interesting especially if we're going after a younger market. Yes yes model already used to that. The new and the funky things. There are lots of very pretty mobile phones not too many pretty rare American Charles. And they're skilled by using it. So for example. So for example you have a key like 1, 2, 3 like this actually and 4, 5, 6 like that. And you can have keys like this form like. Okay. Keys like that. How much longer we got for the meeting by the way? I think. Because we have to put down your graphic at all. It's a very important issue. So you can have keys like which are like. So. So you basically don't change the original order of them. But then the keys are more spacious. They don't look so that there is a very slide thing. So if you press on the top it takes the one it takes the three four four here or five or six. So the keys can be it looks you know not very much cluttered but it looks nice. You don't have too many keys but you can have a lot of options. I think now the idea is clear. We should now try to decide on our target group. Yeah. Which I think is quite tricky. Basically we're trying to get people to buy remote control. Wouldn't they already have remote control with the television when they buy one? Of course they have already one. So our remote control has to be better. There's not going to have more functionality because it's only a low market as the cheap end or our control. We can't beat them on functionality. We might we'll be able to beat them on the look of it, the design of it. But that's not a big salary. They're not going to just go and buy a new remote control which is pretty. They have to actually need it as well. So I'm not sure how we can get people to buy this thing. Well I think many people set in your research the appearance of the RC is important. But why are they buying one in the first place? Indeed. So that will be about functionality? But if people are buying your remote control for functionality they'll buy a universal remote. I've got friends who've got so many things I need a universal remote. Otherwise they're using five different modes for their other things. In that case they wouldn't buy our product because it doesn't give them what they need. It has a functionality. So you think we should go for a more universal? Well we can't with the price range. We're not building a universal remote. We're not building a high end product. But do you think about what's the price range? Yeah we have 12.5 euros for RC. And I think with this, now you know that chips are very cheap. And we can include in our control some new features. But yeah. If we're getting to universal remote territory, are we getting to LCD screens and things like that which would drive the cost up a lot? I don't know whether that's necessary. I don't think the universal remote is not necessary. I think this could be a market because universal remote controls tend to be... Quite expensive. And quite complicated to use. So we can try to go in between and offer a product which is not as expensive and not as... No it's flexible maybe. But still people have the idea this is more functional than a normal... University of RC because it has more... It is some kind universal. But if we're going for those say 15 to 25 age group then not many then we'll actually own TVs to use remote control on. Yes we are targeting I think more on the 20 to 40 group. Okay. So people... Yeah. We just have or already have a job and have the money. But... May not want to spend that much money on a universal. I don't know really what the price range around control is. Are we going to be at the very bottom of the price range or are we kind of middle to bottom? I don't know. Well... I think when we think about graphic, we are trying to offer a kind of universal control for less money. Yeah. So... Well do you agree? Well it's fine with me like the price as long as it is not too expensive. Yeah because we have to take into account that we're going to sell around 4 million. So when we speak about this numbers the price of a chip is very cheap. So I'm okay for designing a kind of universal policy. You think it's possible for the 12 euro 50? Yeah. Okay. So then we decide on going to this more universal kind of control. Yeah that would be needed basically. Yeah that's needed right now. Yeah that's needed. Basically you can look through the standard and then come together market. Yeah. So I guess what I'd like from a universal might is maybe choosing between three devices. I'd switch between them and I'd be stereo, VCR and TD. Exactly. And just be able to use them all from the same remote but not at the same time. You can also browse through all the standards. You know, there are limited standards for all of them and you can just browse through them. So given we are going for this universal type maybe it's good when you try to find out with components you definitely need. Yes. You will try to get more specific user interface consent. And maybe you can look on what trends are in this type of market. Well. So anyone has a point to bring in or shall we? Oh I don't have anything right now. Oh that's we'll go and we'll be sure we'll come up something good for the next ones now. So yeah so we'll admit in what the next meeting will often learns you have we have a 30 minutes of work and then we have the next meeting. But you will be informed via the computer. Okay. Okay. Cool. Perfect. Hmm.