 light. How's that? Fine. What's the door? Do do do do. Transmeter. Transmeter. Yeah. Y'all. Fine. Say. Okay. If you can see here. Like a little box. So kind of shit off take. I also stood. What's it? What? What's it means? JBL on the wall. No. Blah blah blah. I don't know. I don't know. What? What in that cute? No. What's it means? It's like the internet drive. It's not always fast. I'm going to have to wait for the time to get information. I can talk. You should speak in. It looks fine. Can I call you? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Sorry. Doll. Artistic. A tree. Have you three friends? Yes. Okay. Welcome everyone to our next meeting. Busy writing and busy leading the meeting. But I have prepared a little presentation. Once again, or at least an agenda. I think the biggest part of the presentation will be on your side. I'm going to call the design meeting. I will try to write a minute from the previous meeting. It was quite some typing. We have three presentations. After that we will take a decision on the remote control concept. We have 40 minutes to accomplish that. Let's start with the first presentation. In the same order as last time. Let's take it away. Bling. Welcome. First of all, I would like to accommodate some of those things I elaborate some of the things I did. I elaborate it on the concept. What should be said about the components, its properties and what kind of material we use to make one of those remote controls? First of all, I have subtracted some of the components that are used from what the remote control is formed. First of all, the case, the surrounding of the remote control. I would like to give you an idea of how I thought about the structure of the structure I was going to have. The case is made from rubber, I suppose. When you use remote control, a lot of people will drop the remote control in the break because the titanium was also an option. It is a very expensive material. I think the best suitable material to use for remote control. It is also possible to create fancy colors with rubber. It makes it easy to let itself color. It is a titanium, you have to paint it. With that, it is possible to scratch it or make it ugly. The total piece of rubber that is used to make the case is the same color. If you scratch it, it is still the same color. Perhaps it is damaged. It is a very strong material. I had an idea. It is a single curved material. It is too dimensional. It is the best green color. It is a brown color. New. Forward blank. Let's make it black. I thought of an idea like this. It is not that. Blank. Okay. It also looks nice when it is on your table. It does not lay flat down on the table, but it stands. It has a side view. Yes, it has a side view. I am not technically good at 3D modeling. It is just an idea. It also looks nice when it is on your table. The graphical user interface and buttons. I thought about that already. I thought about the LCD touch screen. It is easy to clean, too. One of the great advantages of the LCD screen is that you have some classic or cleaning stuff. It should be made of strong plastic and it should be bright. I already explained some properties of that material. I think you almost concluded about that. This should be our button component. That is all about the buttons. We also thought about that already. It will be chargeable with an option for a mount station. You can put the remote control in a mount station. It charges itself up instead of plugging it in or something like that. Questions? They should be long lasting. Not in about two minutes or 30 minutes or 40 minutes of use. Next up is the chip. The component that makes or transmits the signal to the television. There was an option to use a rather simple chip, but I think because of our highly requiring requirements. There should be an advanced chip in it with also the ability to facilitate speech recognition. Unfortunately, it is still in a test phase. There should be some more investigation on that side. My personal preference is I overheard in the last meeting that we should use our own business scholars. That was correct, wasn't it? I think they are rather boring for use with rubber. I think the business scholars were the slogan and the corporate image. They should be in mind, wasn't it? I don't think you have to make the entire thing in the... It doesn't have the slogan. It could be recognized. It could be a little R&R on the top of the machine. It's pretty boring. I suggest because the availability with rubber to make fantastic colors and also in a lot of possible colors. It's possible to make very fancy remote controls, which people... In which people will find their interesting and will buy them faster when they look at the same old gray or black colors. As I said before, rubber is impossible to damage severely. Instead of... You can break it when you break it. For example, with paracysses or something like that. If you drop it, it's not broken right away. Instead of using plastic, hard plastic or titanium. I personally like the single curved remote control. It makes it fancy. That's all about my findings. All right. Thank you. I will go next. All right. I saw a little bit about the interface. How should I look? There will be no buttons, but only on the screen. The design is based on what we just thought of. First, there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition. This is that you ask, you give a question through the device and it answers you. They already put this in a coffee maker. So that you say, good morning coffee maker and it says, do you back? Good morning Joe or what you name. This is an easy way to program that. You say record into the device, into the speaker, and then you say the question and three seconds later you say the answer. And then when you say the question, it gives you the answer. Perhaps it's useful because people lose the remote. They can yell remote, where are you? That calls for something. Perhaps you could implement that. And then I have to go out of the presentation because I try to make some kind of idea of how to do it, but I can draw. Don't make too much of it. I try to draw the LCD screen. I try to draw. So at least the icon for the volume. I don't know if there is an icon for the program. Just be. Yes, just be. And then the buttons above and below, the mute button, also working as an icon. Was the button for two digits? I forgot that one. I thought I forgot something. And the numbers. It should be a bit larger. I think it's not really on scale and so forth. An options button. And I thought the button for the tail text apart, because it's not really options, I think. Options are the settings of the remote and the TV and that kind of thing. You could call it settings or something. But this is a bit how I thought it. And the LCD somewhere on your remote. Perhaps you could be more curvy to remote. So that's better in your hand or something. And a microphone for the speech recognition if you want to implement that. And then if you press the options button, we have an example of. And then you should get the other options with what you could do and that you could do with something like this. And it's also I think we discussed earlier that all the people don't really want to use these extra settings. And all the people also don't really want to use this kind of option. We use. So they want to use one button and then something happens and not choose with this kind of. And you could put a really low scrolling device on the side of your remote. So you could scroll across these things. That's an option. And that was my finding thing. Thanks. Yeah. Oh, third. No daddy. Go daddy. Remember this presentation. Okay. I'm going to tell you something about the trend washing. The trends from the past years, what people like, what youngsters like, what elderly people like, about shapes, colors, material and stuff. The minute I use was like I told I watch the trends from past years about color shapes, material they wanted from elderly and young people. So we can keep that in mind for designing the files itself. Finally, I made the most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look fancy. The second important thing that will should be enough in the in the fatives, okay. Like the LCD screen that's quite innovative. So that should be great meeting for this. And the third thing is it should be used. I think with only one menu for button channel volume, it should also be enough for each to use. The personal preferences for the young people, they liked fruity colors like banana yellow, strawberry red and stuff. Grass green. Yeah, like that. The round shapes and soft materials like the rubber. It should be soft, it should be feeling spongy or sponge bump. Like the things. Let's build it into a sponge. Elderly people like colors which you are being seen in autumn like wood, dark brown, red, deep red and stuff. They like square shapes with round edges and hard materials like wood, titanium. Those kind of materials they liked. This is a bit like the young people like the fruity colors. Innovative, all the colors you see the blue, the red, the white, yellow, that stuff. And then I personally thought a front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like this or something. It's a bit like banana and the color should be yellow or something. And for the elderly people just plain old because we decided to have two kind of remotes, two designs or was it two colors? Different colors, yeah. We should decide whether it's going to be with round shapes. I think like my colleague you said is that it's better or for the elderly people something like the iPod or something with round squares. Simple but easy to use. That's it. That's why people are more traditional. Yeah, like the older colors I can maybe... You could change your colors but also the other. I don't know which shape you should take. Color is easy. Yeah, I guess changing colors will be easier than changing the shape of the normal control. Perhaps you could find something in the middle. Round squares. Round corners but square. Yeah. Maybe then both groups won't buy it. Yeah. If you do it square with round corners but a little in the middle of it... Yeah, I know what you mean. You can't look like a... Yeah, I'll look like a mouse. Like this. A bit. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a bit square but it's also a bit... Kind of like a beer glass. So but then... I know what you mean. Same size. It's also easy to put in your hand. Yeah, but it's also how other remotes are shaped. So that's... Perhaps that's good thing. So that's easy to use. People know that... We'll recognize that's a remote control. What I saw in your... Look something like that... You know, autumn colors like red, brown. They like the wood a lot. So maybe we could give it like a wooden look or something. Kind of like a gold color and a bit old school style. Red, suns, medieval... So what is that all together? That's kind of things. So you see the big difference between the young people. Fresh, exciting and old people. But that's easy to do with the color. So sorry? That's easy to do with the color. Yeah, I think it's easier to do in color than in shape. Yeah. Otherwise we have to get different shapes and colors just way easier than shapes. And material, yeah, rubber. Rubber is like I said, young people like more soft materials, and spongy ones, and the old people like playing wood. So we have to decide if we're going to use re-hards rubber. Or soft rubber or soft rubber. Or something. Something between that. Soft rubber. Yeah, soft rubber. Which you can feel in it. I know you. No, I think you should be promoted. No, or what should be next. No, no, but you have to like like a erase or something. That's a bit you can't press it in or something harder. But like this kind of rubber. Yeah, something like this, yeah. This is quite hard. Yeah, it's quite hard, but you can't press it in. It feels kind of spongy. spongy. Something. No, think it's rubber. No, no, no. So we need a spongy feeling. If you have something. We're going to invite SpongeBob. Maybe he can. So we should first decide about shape, I think. Yeah, I think it's a better thing to do. Then you can fit the LCD screen in it. Oh, it's a side panel. I also can't help but notice. As you used, you had a remote control, but the LCD screen was rather small. Yeah, I think the LCD screen should be like. The shorter size. Yeah. But I think it should be larger. Yeah, three quarter of the three quarters. So you don't have to put your, yeah, but won't get that small. What LCD screen is. So when you got this. Can I like this? Mm-hmm. Or should it be larger, larger, I think, larger? Because you want to put your hands. Yeah, because you can put your hands there. And then you won't touch the screen. Okay, true, true, true, true. You're thumb here. But not on the screen because. Yeah. Yeah. That's all the side. Because when you put your. Yeah, but if you make the LCD screen as large as the remote control itself, you always get some. You always touch it. Yeah. You can be very greasy and stuff, but won't get that small because you have how much. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 buttons on the screen. Yeah. 1, 2, 0. You don't want it to take you to small. Yeah, how large. You have to, you have to, because some fat people would thick fingers. They're thick fingers. They're the three buttons at the same time. Well, if you want to make it international and Japanese people get rather small hands. Yeah, true. But we have the sum option, right? The sum option. Of course. Yeah. You can make it larger with a company. And greater feel to push the button. Yeah. And we won't include a pen or something to point. Yeah. We won't do your fingers, right? Your fingers, yeah. Don't want to, because you lose a pen. You can lose a pen. Yeah, but I'll show you. You lose a pen, you can't just. You can't just. Yeah, you have to. Yeah. They think it's handy to use pen. Yeah. I think this is a good size for the screen. I don't know how large the external remote should be. A little bit. And maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all that. Yeah, but that's the thing you can do with any soft tissue. Yeah. You can buy those. If I can interrupt you, maybe I should show some points on which we should take a decision. Sure. So we can discuss these points. There are those points. Energy question mark. How should we supply the thing with energy? And how are we going to do with separate docking station and then put accused in it? Chip on print and case. Those are points my coach advised me to discuss here. But I hope you have ideas about them. I think you were batteries and a. Talking station. Yeah. Yeah, that's the first point. We'll include rechargeable batteries. Yeah. Which you can recharge through the docking station. Yeah. And you can get some batteries or debt. I kind of like your change in them. You got some some of those wireless mice. Yeah. Yeah. Computer mice. Kind of like those kind of batteries. But it should be, I think, normal batteries. Yeah, normal playing. Like to normal playing batteries. Yeah. You can buy the supermarket. Or you can rechargeable batteries. And what was with the chip on print? Chip on print. You guys, yeah, I think so. Chip on print with a. Simple. Yeah, simple. But we also discard that. Didn't we? Yeah, but how does that work with LCD screen? You still have a. You always have a great plate. Yeah, sure. Of course. Always. I don't know what we have to decide about that. Yeah. Well, it's a good question. It was in there and I didn't. Chip on print. I think what I mean with the regular rubber buttons that you got, it's always clear for the remote control when you press a certain button. But when you got an LCD screen, yeah, okay. With no, with not the buttons are not always on the same place. For example, if you enlarge the screen, or if you got several options appearing on your screen, the code nations aren't always the same. When you got a regular button, the button of standby is always on the same place. Yeah, I think so. And you get on the. On the print plate of LCD screen, there's more at fault than the lower print plate. Yeah. So that's not of any discussion, I think. No, you need some kind of CPU, I guess. I suppose so. No, I don't. I don't think. It is a simple CPU, where it is. Yeah, okay. But I don't know if. Yeah, because it has to. Yeah, it's quite a simple LCD screen. I think they don't need that. The remote control has to know where you're in a settings menu, or just, you just want to turn on the volume. Yeah, okay, true. True. True. True. So it has to have some kind of a. Calculation unit CPU. To know in which state you are, and in which button you are pressing it at the right moment. Because we're projecting, projecting the buttons on the LCD screen. And the touch screen makes it possible to get the coordination of your finger on screen. In the case, yeah, we already discussed the case, so we wanted to make it from rubber and. But the hard rubber like this or softer rubber. The hard rubber, I think. That's easy to have. Bouncing back from the floor when you were. We have different colors. Yeah, this is the shape. The shape is something between square shapes with round shapes. Cornish in the round shapes. No, I don't think. I think. It's more round than square. Yeah, it's a bit, but I think it's a bit longer. I think it meets more the young people than the older people. Yeah, but that's what we wanted. Yeah, that's how it started. It's a main target. Yeah. Loaded 40 years, I think. I don't know how about my idea of making it with one single curve. Oh, yeah, that's true. I think I thought that was quite good. Because it's a gadget and you want to show it off, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you have a fancy design right away. You can put it on your table, with LCD screen. You don't have to put it in your head. You can put it next to you and then type it in. Yeah, that's true. It's not easy. Yeah. Yeah. So, you write that down and get a single curve, rubber, fancy colored, remote control. You can draw it on your paper and then loathe on the surface. And loathe on the user, the surface. About the user interface, there are also some questions about the concepts. I think you have some ideas on that. Yeah, I have what I want to show you drawing. I should go over again. I miss a few buttons. At least, you should also have a menu to go back to the first touch options. Yeah, you can go back to this right away now. Isn't it better to have the sound and the channel buttons horizontal? I don't know. With the minus and the plus. I think it's easier than... I don't know. I thought it was easier to handle this way, but I don't know what they think. Sorry. If you like the buttons, horizontal or vertical. Well, it turns on the screen if you make the screen vertical, it doesn't matter. If you make it in a rectangle. Well, if you make it like this. So, it says... Put it like this. I think it's easier to have it something like a button minus here plus over here. A minus here plus over here. And on here. Yeah. The other buttons and on here the top. The options. But I think that... And then you have something like the B over here. And the sound. I think that's another of what you're used to. I think I would put a plus in the middle here. And then the P in the middle and the sound. Something like that. Take your time. Plus minus plus... Oh! Almost. Yeah, I think when you're holding it, you could press the minus and the plus and with the other finger the minus and the plus. Yeah, I think you're going to use it with one thumb. But I think perhaps I have some examples of... Will you have that to the usability engineering? Who's usability engineering? She. I'm going to do some examples. Because perhaps you should choose what's most often used. Because we can use that better. Consistency. Oh, I have those numbers. Here. Work it, work. Everybody searching in a time. Channel selection per hour 168 volume selection for time. Yeah, but I mean if it's usually plus or mean above each other or next to each other. I don't know how much it's used. Not much how often it's used, but the pace of the remote. Looking here. But here's below. Here also. Here's next to each other. I think it's... I think because I have two televisions at home. What is horizontal, what is vertical. It doesn't really matter. Yeah, it depends. I think the volume is usually above each other because you go higher and down. And the pace of the program is next to each other because you go further and back. True. That's how it's usually. I think that's not okay. Okay, let's see. That's got to chase. Yeah, well, I think we don't have to decide about that now. Where we will put the button. It is user interface. Concomponent. This is in the actual design. You should know where you would place it. Okay, well... Interface, yeah. Can you speak, shall we implement that? Yeah, well, we just heard about the new... Yeah, I think it's easy for that. Where are you with this? Thanks for the button. So find a place. If you do it like this, you could put it in a corner or something. You can talk into the corner. Yeah, microphone. Not even necessary because you can make a very sensitive microphone. It's most possible to just put it around underneath it or on the bottom of it. Maybe at the bottom where you can hold it with your hands. There's also a microphone over there. That's not important. I think that's not very important. But where a microphone is? I'm a bit used to decide where you are. Okay, I see. I think where it isn't seen the most. Indeed. It shouldn't be very noticeable. Put it in a logo of the company. Yeah, it's just between the round and the R. Because I think it should be in an important position where people can see it. Because it is the unique idea of our remote, the speech control. Where do you want to put it? It doesn't make any more fancy. Because you can find it better if you use it. It's a way for you to make some more fancy because other remote don't have that. But are we talking about the button or the microphone? There is no button. I like the one. It's a small thing, but you can make it look like it's big. It's really an important function of the remote. I think the left corner should be the best. It isn't the most inside. Okay, I think. I'll put it there. I don't mind. It doesn't really matter. No. Actually, does it? Okay. So? Any more? So, well, type. Supplements. In the first time? Yeah. Well, we already discussed that. The LCD. Supplements. I think, like you said, scroll next to the remote. Isn't that handy? I think it's better to just type what you'd like to do on the screen. If you want to go back, give a back button, go back. If you want to use audio settings, you press all your settings. And it goes to that sub menu. That's my name to defend. Yeah. The young people do like scrolls. Yeah. Do like things too. So why not? On-on-side. Or at least, yeah, I don't know after you scroll. But the menu aren't actually like most. And I think you can navigate through a menu. Right. Yeah, I think you have a settings. If you have a lot of options. Yes. But if you don't have a lot of options. You have a lot of options. Because when you use the settings menu, for example, to look up some channels on your television, you should scroll down on a menu, which probably does not fit on your screen. Yeah, okay. So then it's very handy to scroll down. Okay. You make just a rubber just like on your mouse. Just put it on a side and it's very easy to use. No problem. And I think it would make it even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side. It's also different. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, there's our five minutes warning. Any more questions about the design? What do you think it is? Color-short, clear, shape, material is clear. What's the standard color? It's standard. Yeah, we don't have standard color. No, we have different color. How many color? You have different colors. But you should have a standard color. I think black. Yeah, black, I think. It's standard. With yellow, darker, something like this, this color or something. And just a regular, yeah, a white color. And then have different colors. I think it's better to have silver nowadays. Silver, yeah. I think it's more silver. Silver, silver, silver. Silver, black. Yeah, silver, silver, silver, silver. It's silver, black, silver, silver, silver, gold, traditional. Yeah. I think we have silver, black and between those, like, I don't know, five colors between them. Yeah, what about a yellow thing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's better to have yellow, you have? We ugly, but it's definitely fancy. Red. Yeah, that's right. Green. But if you use silver, rubber, silver rubber isn't fancy. True? When you use titanium, silver is fancy, but when you use silver rubber, this is fancy. Silver has to shine and rubber doesn't shine. Especially when you just made a soft rubber like this. Yeah. You understand? Yeah, I would think about colors like red, yellow, blue. Yeah, of course, the fruity colors. Yeah, the fruity colors. And the autumn colors. Like red and brown. Yeah, dark red and brown. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so. And do I have to have a normal black one or a pink? No, I agree. Okay. You pink. Okay, so that's RIPs, it up. Everybody knows what to do. Well, I don't know what to do. I would have done what to do. Okay. The next meeting is once again in 30 minutes. Here are the individual actions. And especially notice that the industrial design and the user interface design are going to work together on a prototype, carving on a smart board. And of course, to all four of us specific instructions will be emailed by the first small coach. We'll work together, but do we have to stay here or do we? I'd say just wait for an email and find out. I don't know. Okay. I think we should work together. Okay, well that was what I had to say. I think that's also very nice. Final thoughts from anyone? No. Okay, well, thank you very much. Yeah. You finished? Thank you very much. I was talking English now. I think I'll just wait for things or things to get to us. I'll make a new one for you. Thanks. All right, face out. Bye. Okay, well, I'll try to put the minutes in the project folder as soon as possible. Okay. Hopefully faster this time. Okay, good luck. Sorry. You're all stylish. I'm sorry, you're not good at it. You're here for fun. Yeah, this is a smart board, so. Yeah. Thank you. Bye.