 Okay, well I think we're ready to begin. Right, my name's Adnjogged, we're here because of real reaction. We have a new group. Oh, Ebenezer, Ademisoye. You like to support it? Yeah, go for it. And he said. And he said. He are. Ebenezer, and you're ruled as? I'm the marketing expert. You're the marketing expert, okay? Next we have? Tiregrammer, T-A-R-I-K, T-R-I-K. And your role in this is? Industrial designer, industrial designer. And lastly we have Dave Koch. And you're going to be the user interface. Okay. Right, this is the agenda for today's meeting. As you can see, we're opening acquaintance, told training, project plan discussion, and closing. We already got through opening and partially through acquaintance. So the reason we're here, we're going to design a new remote control, as you probably all know. The very broad overview is original, trendy, and user friendly. Of course we'll have to go into a bit more detail in that. But personally I think that the original is going to be a very key aspect of this design. There's a lot of remote controls out there anyway, so we're going to need something that's really going to set it apart. This is how today seems to be going to work. The three-k faces, as you've probably already been told, the functional contextual and the detailed design. The first one is going to be covering the user requirements spec, technical functions, working design. Second seems to be conceptual components, properties, materials. And the last one is a detailed analysis of our design so far. Of course you've all got the similar emails I believe. What can I say? Every user? Do you want to draw your favourite animal? Sure. Whiteboard. Okay, I'm going to make this quick since we don't have much time. Okay. Okay, so it's not the best picture in the world. Here we have an elephant. First point begins with an E, same like a benezen. Also elephants have a very good memory, much like myself. And I can't remember what it is. I'm not sure if I can say that. I'm not sure if I can say that. I'm not sure if I can say that. Okay, so it's not the best picture in the world. Here we have an elephant. I'm not sure if I can say that. It's not the best picture on the planet. I'm not sure if I can say that. I'm not sure if I can say that. I'm not sure if I can say that. I don't remember that. I'm not sure if I can say that. And I can't remember that. That's when I used to live in Nigeria. But I think I used to have a pet elephant. So elephants are big, strong and gentle, Oh, you should also have your little pal mic on as well. Oh, that's good. We can clip them on. Okay. Yeah, there's this microphone as well. Just somewhere. It's just a close. Yep. Is this what's we clip? Yeah, I'll follow you if you. There you go. You can probably just stick it in your pocket for now. I wouldn't worry too much. Good day. Yeah, destroying around here. Yeah. All right. Here we have a tiger. Those love tigers. They're big, they're biggest cats. They're a project on cats of the wild and as a kid. It was my favourite cat just because it looks the best. The stripes are orange. My dad used to talk about it. He's from Bangladesh. I used to tell him he had that money as a kid. And they're just the most fervent of animals in the wild. So that's why I like them. It doesn't say I'm end of the met me really well. Excellent. Thank you very much. I hope you like to have a dash. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The monkey. The one that is somewhat a bleak reference in fact to my, I have a three year old daughter who is affectionately known as Miss Monkey. Monkey's have attitude which I think is a good thing. And from the point of view that the study of humanly luthan, they and other private are terribly interesting. And this one seems to have perhaps more attitude than most. So. I think that's a good thing. Hardly what I call the best drawing in the world that it will be for now. Also not quite as feared as your average tiger. But cats are one of my favorite animals. They're very independent. They're snotty as hell at the best of times. They're quite bored there by looks of it. So onto project finance as you can see, 12.5 euros per unit. Not terrible lot as far as I'm aware. We're hoping to sell them for 25. If we're getting 50 million euros, we're going to have to be selling an awful lot. That was a property that was a month. So that's the month. 50 million and if you're making 12.5 euros in each one then awful lot need to be sold. Okay. Now we better actually just get on with the meat of the project. So I'm going to guess that we've all used remote controls. So there's not many ideas of where you think a new remote control could go into this market. Well, one thing I'm aware of is that there are very high price end of the market. There's emerging markets are touch screen LCD remotes. There can be programmed in much more sophisticated ways than conventional models. You can redesign the interface to your own needs. You can program in macros and you get a much greater degree. When you get these three and one five normal servers, but you can get integration between the different things that is designed to control to much greater extent. You have one macro to turn the TV to the right channel. Rewind the tape and the VCR and get it to play what's this rewind for instance. Okay. It occurs to me there might be a niche for a remote that aim towards some of that sort of functionality, but using a conventional push button design, therefore putting it into much lower price brackets. Okay, that's true. With the price range we're looking at going for a touch screen would probably possibly be a bit better. But you think again, something to control multiple units in a simple fashion. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I see you get ones that you can switch between multiple units, but something that could operate between multiple units and a more integrated fashion. And ideally something into which would you have some at least limited facility for running macros. Would it be ideal for something along the lines of one on button would turn on say the video recorded the TV, maybe the sound system as well on one go. For instance, I say, you press the play button for the DVD player and it turns the TV on and on to the right channel as well. Okay, that sounds like a good strong idea. Any takesness? I've noticed that gaming is becoming quite popular with television. When I was younger we used to play games using a cable. Using the cable, subscribe cable providers. But our remote controls get worn out really easily. And the remote controls not a great kind of keyboard, keypad for playing games. So perhaps one that was more specialized for a game playing or interactive television. They recently brought out this new remote control for people to sit their favorite channels to record things. Instead of people entering in what time things start, you simply start a slider bar to say what time it begins and slide a number bar to say what time it ends. You know, that's... Yeah, I've heard I've seen the barcode design before, yeah. It's taken out the... You don't have to be really clever to use the remote control. I think the gaming, you know, you want some big buttons for up, down, left, and right, shoot. You want to be able to change angles and interactive television. So you need buttons to change the television angle. The camera angles and stuff like that. Okay, well, we're beginning to run out of time now. So we've got a couple of ideas. We'll have to work fast. All right, as you can see, we've got 30 minutes until the next meeting. So we'll have to try and decide on some of the basic functionality. How the user interface might work. That'll be a key aspect, especially if the idea of some kind of macro facility, because you have to program it. You have to have a lot of response back, or at least some kind. And we're going to maybe try and have to figure out what the user wants. What do you use her once, yes? Okay. Right. Has anybody got anything they'd like to add at this stage? Anything they think might have been missed so far? When you talk about gaming, do you think they should have some sort of stick on it, rather than weapons? Okay, that's it. Control that's kind of games, but is that a bit ridiculous? I don't see why not almost everybody is probably used to a console by now, and all of them incorporate small, deep pads on them. In fact, even the mobile phones these days are beginning to use them as well. So it's probably an interface that most people are used to. And that could allow easy navigation users as a joystick as well. I think we have the other key feature that would be a good idea of building it. It's to make something fairly ergonomic. It fits as comfortably as possible into the hand. Of course, it also allows for the possibility of a motor. It's slightly unconventional, attractive shape for it overall. So small, stylish, and something that's a little bit different. It's slightly sort of biomorphic and far. Would it be to sort of conform with the shape of the hand more efficiently anyway? Okay. That's definitely something that we should be able to do quite easily. I would hope so anyway. Right. I'd say we finish this one up, we'll get started. I'll write up what we've kind of quickly done, and I'll get that out to everybody. Yeah, sure. Okay. Very good journey, I'll do it. Then as far as I'm aware, we leave the microphones here. I'll ask great told otherwise, and I'll just take a laptop for us.